---
channel: morgan-ingram
video_id: 9TeOPGRn-MU
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TeOPGRn-MU
title: "The New Way to Win on LinkedIn in 2025 (Even If You’ve Been Selling for 10+ Years)"
published: 2026-04-17
fetched: 2026-04-17
---

# Transcript

[00:00] Okay, welcome everybody to the webinar. How is everybody feeling today? You know, I wanted to kick off with something fun. You know, you're here. We're all here. We're all here to learn, but I got something fun for y'all. Uh, you know, do y'all remember? Do y'all remember this song? [Music] [Music] >> What y'all know about this song? What y'all know about this song? What y'all 
[00:31] know about this song? Y'all don't know anything about the song? This is the jam of the Simpsons. All right. All right. Yeah. Everybody that's coming in, uh, as you come in, let us know in the chat where are you tuning in from, where are you at, and what's happening. Let us know what happens in the house, 
[01:01] where you're from, where you're at, and we'll uh we'll get this thing. And and [Music] that is what in the world we're going to face to not be at all. All right, everybody should be able to chat. Talk to me. There we go. That's what I thought. All right. Yes. Space fam. We're here 
[01:37] to dance. >> This might be the best movie. It's the one of the best movies of all time. I think people will sleep on how good this movie. Real talk. [Music] 
[02:08] >> All right, everybody. What was [Music] I like? >> I never thought I never [Music] watch I know who baby come on and come on and slam Come on. 
[02:39] Come on. [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. Yo guys, this is Space Jam. If you don't know about Space Jam, I don't know. I don't know what to tell you. I don't know what to tell you. But what's going on everybody? Hope everyone's having a fantastic day. Uh starting off with some Space Jam. Um but as we get into this, 
[03:10] you're here to learn about LinkedIn and we're going to get very tactical today. But as we're doing this, we're seeing where everyone's tuning in from. I see some people from Arizona. Shout out. That's where I'm at. Uh we got some people from ATL. Uh that's where I was born and raised. So, shout out to the ATL. But we got all sorts of people in here. We got Canada in the house. Boston, the London mates. Shout out to London. Uh, we got the London mates also in here, too. So, that's what's up. Uh, we got everybody coming in here as well. So, shout out to everybody in here. We 
[03:40] got Texas in the house as well. So, uh, also, you know, as we as we get into this today, uh, you probably been on a lot of webinars and maybe a lot of master classes before. Uh, my whole goal today is that I know everyone here is in a sales role or sales leader and within probably the next 30 minutes, you may have a call. So, the thing is like I understand that. So, I'm going to get very, very tactical very, very quickly. Um, and then we have extra time, 45 minutes hour to answer 
[04:11] questions. So, if you have questions, put them in the Q&A. Chat, as you see, is pretty lively across the board. So, we obviously want to make sure everybody can get their question answered um, as well as a part of it. So, as we kick this off and as we go in to this entire conversation today, uh, I just want to understand who is actually in the room. So, I got a poll. I'm going to launch up who's who's who's in the room right now? Do we have SCRs, BDRs, AEES, managers, 
[04:42] founders? What do what do we have in the room today? Uh this is going to be really helpful for me, right? So then I can understand uh where everyone is at. So I appreciate when everyone answering the poll. So seems we got uh since we got a lot of different pieces in here. So we got mostly uh SDRs, we got account executives, we got some directors in the room. Uh shout out to my founders. And we even got some RevOps enablement as well. So, love seeing that. So, as we get into this today and people answer this poll, and I appreciate y'all 
[05:12] answering this, uh, we're going to be covering how how to win on LinkedIn. And my whole purpose here today is for you to walk away with one, two, or three things that you can execute right after this. That's my whole entire goal. Now, some of you in here probably have seen my content before or been on a webinar with 
[05:42] me before. This is a new series that I'm doing where we're going to focus on LinkedIn first. Um, but really my whole entire purpose here is to give you the tactics to be more human and make sales more human in the AI world. All of you know that AI is here. I'm not saying it's completely take over. I'm just saying it's here. So my focus for you all is how can you be more human in the way that you reach out to people so that more people want to book meetings with you and you can sell more. That's the whole purpose. So I'm going to go 
[06:13] through some slides but more importantly this is about you all. So as you have questions put them in the Q&A. You want to chop it up with people in the chat you can do that uh across the board. And so that's what we're going to do and we're going to again have some fun here. So I'm going to go ahead dive in share my screen on what we're doing right here. the new way to win on LinkedIn in 2025. So, this is gonna be a very interactive session. I'm gonna have fun with y'all today. Um, as we came in with the with the space jam. Uh, but the thing is what I want to ask you all first is if you had to rank yourself 
[06:43] in terms of LinkedIn outbound on a scale to one to five, five being the elite of the elite, one being like, I just started maybe using LinkedIn. When it comes to booking meetings, what would you rate yourself? Put it in the chat. Um, and make sure you put everyone, by the way, so that everyone can see you um in your um channelist piece. So, your two should be everyone. I just want to make sure everybody can see the stuff. So, we got a lot of pieces here. We got uh good amount of ones. We got we got fours in here. Uh we got some just a good mix. 10 shares at 10. All right. 10 out of 10. You just exceeded it. Five. 
[07:13] If you're five, I don't know why you're here. I guess maybe you're just here to hang out. But most people, we got mostly twos, right? And 2.5. So, my goal is if you're a five, fantastic. You can just hang with me here. If you are uh below that, my goal is to get you 0.5 better here with the things I'm going to share. Okay. So, what we're going to do is uh who am I? If you have no idea who I am for whatever reason, uh I have been in this game of outbound and pipeline generation for the past decade. I was an SDR. I also was an SDR manager. I shout 
[07:46] out to John Barrows. I worked with him for four years and train people on how to break through the noise and penetrate into your top tier accounts. That that's what I do. So, AMP Social is the business that I run and that's what we focus on is how do you leverage LinkedIn to turn it into a revenue engine and what are the ways that you can stand out with a multitude of different tools that you have. And so, that's what we're going to touch on today. And as a part of that, uh, couple things. I already know y'all are going to ask me this. You're going to get the recording. So, 
[08:16] somebody's gonna message me this. Somebody's gonna hit me up on an email and be like, "Morgan, we get the recording." Somebody's gonna ask me 20 minutes in. I swear. This is like the number one question I get. You're going to get the recording. Everything's going to be fine. I promise you everything's going to be good. You will get the recording. I promise. All right? So, you don't even have to worry about that anymore because I'm telling you right here because I already know someone's going to ask me this question and someone's going to troll me in the next 20 minutes and ask me, "Oh, did we get the recording?" It's like you're going to get the recording. I promise. 
[08:47] All right. That's the one thing I'll promise you. But uh Exactly. And then people ask for the recording and then people ask the recording typically don't even watch the recording. It's quite funny. But the thing is you're going to get this. But let's get into what we're going to do. The first thing I want to talk about is I almost quit. Some of you may have seen my content before. In the chat, if you've seen my content before, you can let me know. But like I almost quit this entire thing. Uh a lot of people in this 
[09:18] room are SDRs or if you're obviously a leader or a you probably been an SDR before. My first three months of being an SDR, I was awful. I was I was terrible. Uh I didn't hit quota. I wasn't able to convert cold calls. Wasn't able to convert any emails. I didn't know how to really do social selling. And I remember wanting to quit and go do something else. And I remember my VP of sales was like, "Hey, like what? You need to give this 100%." 
[09:48] And so everything I'm about to show you is how I went from 60 to 70% to 100% in that SDR role and how I've continuously taken that what I like to call being dangerously curious to continuously get better every single day. when it comes to generating leads through LinkedIn, converting leads through outbound, everything I'm going to show you today tactically is how you can do that and obviously how you can have fun with it too and be more human. That's the whole entire goal of the conversation today 
[10:18] and that's what we're going to be covering. So, I always like to start here because maybe you in the room right now feel like, hey, like I just is very hard and I don't know if I can do this. And I understand that and I just want to let you know that I've been in that same exact spot. But here are the things I learned to advance past that. And that's what we're going to cover today. And if you wanted to know also as well from the content side, some people want to learn that uh this is my journey to show you like this also requires work. This isn't 
[10:48] something that just happens overnight, right? Like this is requires effort. So I'm showing you things in here in the beginning because these are extremely important to make sure. So, by focusing on these things and focusing on being consistent and diligent is what we're going to talk about today. The things that I'm going to say do require work. They do require effort. Uh I don't have any shortcuts for you, but I do have things that will make your life a lot easier to be 
[11:18] consistent and put in the work at the end of the day. All right. And so, uh Felipe, I would say, and we could talk about impressions. I've got I can show you my post. We can I'm going to show you later. Uh I've gotten millions of impressions, 100,000 impressions in the past 30 days. I think I've gotten like two million impressions and I can show you all these things. Uh and then ROI like I built my entire business uh off of this um as well and millions in revenue. So the thing is like that's what I would say, but we'll get to all that and I'll show you in a minute. But 
[11:48] whole entire thing is we're here because replies are harder, buyers are overwhelmed, sales now feels like a black box, and there's content fatigue across the board. And so what we're going to be drilling into is how we can actually start getting into this, right? So we're going to talk about proven plays that will book you meetings in the next 72 hours if you if you do them. Uh innovative ways to prospect into your target accounts and understanding how content and outbound can work together. And there's obviously data across the board around just showing you like this is what's going on. I think we all feel 
[12:18] this at the end of the day. Um but the main goal, right, is that we can reframe this and say LinkedIn isn't just for influencers. is you can build pipeline here and again that's the goal and then also as well like social isn't just about posting daily and I'll show you exactly what that is and then revenue right now is about being visible and if you're visible your outbound will actually correlate and this applies to all roles. So big thing here is that we're about to I'm going to space jam 
[12:49] kick today like are y'all ready for the plays? Uh let's get into it. Let's talk about the high level. Let's get very tactical. And I want to show you all this real quick before we get into this because I did promise that there are prizes here. And I promise we'll get tactical, which is look, there's three ways you can get a prize here. $50 Amazon gift card. So, I don't know. You can buy yourself some new socks. You can buy yourself a new hat, shirt, whatever, a new video game. I don't know what you're all into. But there's three ways you can win a prize. Number one is if you book a meeting during if you book it 
[13:21] during this webinar, you have to send a screenshot, though. You can't just say I booked it because I, you know, we got to have proof. But if you book a meeting during the webinar or after this webinar and you send it to me, we'll send you a $50 gift card. If you put your question in the Q&A or in the chat, and I think it's an amazing question, you'll win a $50 gift card. Then after this, if you share your biggest takeaway, you tag AMPsocial and you hashtag humanled outbound, you can win a $50 gift card. So the thing is there are prizes here, all right, at the end of the day that 
[13:53] you can win. And so I just want to let you know that. So three ways. One, you ask an amazing question. Two, you book a meeting after or during the webinar. Three, you share it out. So with that being said, I'm in I'm in I'm in napping. So let's just get to the actual context of the content and how you could win. So play number one is SalesNav. So if you do not have SalesNav, I'll kind of give you context on what you can do outside of this. But as you know, I'm a big proponent of sales nav if you've been following me. And the thing is if when it comes to sales nav, this is where your questions come into play. But 
[14:23] there are five filters that I believe are super important. And then I'll show you my play that you can run literally right now if you wanted to or later to book a meeting. So the five filters that are important are job titles, follows your company, profile views, less than one year active in the company, and posted in the last 30 days. These are the most active fil things at the all time. Right? So what I would tell you though is in the posted in the last 30 days, this is the biggest filter that you want to focus on. And uh the big the 
[14:56] big reason for that is because this leads to the people that are most active on the LinkedIn platform. So if you want a higher connection acceptance rate, the whole entire purpose, the whole entire goal here is you actually want to click on post in the last 30 days and you'll actually have more conversion rate there as well. So with that being said, let's just show you and go into sales nav, right? Let's just actually just get into the weeds here and I and I'll kind of talk about how this can be applicable and how you can go about this. So, if you were to go to lead filters, right, 
[15:26] we're inside of here. And the big thing that you want to do is always click this post in the last 30 days. But a big tactic in sales nav that I don't see a lot of people doing that I encourage you all to do as well is we want to see not only who's posted in the last 30 days, but the first thing that you want to talk about is who's actually following your company. So, I don't know if y'all know about this filter or not, but one of the things I always recommend people is click on following your company and 
[15:56] connecting with all these people. Now, why tactically the reason that you want to do this is because if they post in the last 30 days, it means that they're active on the platform, which means that there's a higher acceptance rate for this person. And if we go and connect with all the people that follow the company, then that also increases our network of the people we're trying to get in front of. So let's say for example someone here goes after CFOs. So if I'm going after CFOs, controllers and all that other stuff, then my main 
[16:27] entire focus, my main entire goal is how can I connect with more of these people? So when I send connection requests, it looks like, you know, I'm connected with these people, right? So if you have followed your company and you have a good amount founders, we'll kind of get to another example, but for most people in this room, you probably have a good amount of followers from your company. I would be connecting with all the people that are also in this company. Now, let's add on to that. Some of you may not have this option, but this is just something to consider. If you have the account list option, which is like 
[16:57] embedding your target account list. So, I'll just put like my 160 here. This is also somewhat I'd re something I'd recommend as a SDR AE. It really doesn't matter as a sales leader. You want to be able to connect with as many people as possible, right? inside of your company that are inside of the account list. So the accountless people that you're going after if they follow your company those these are people that are considered lowhanging fruit because our whole entire goal is to start conversations with people inside of that and also as 
[17:30] well uh that is the main thing that you really generally want to start tapping into as a part of it. So I would say for everybody if you're not doing this already if you have your target account list or if you do company by company depending on your setup and sales nav I would highly recommend here to put in your target account list put look at following your company right following your company and start actually connecting with these individuals and that will lead to more acceptance rates more people wanting to vibe with you and 
[18:00] things of that nature right so that's like a key component to this couple questions that are coming And uh Adrian, do you use the previously worked at filter to target those awards of companies service? I found it. Yeah, that's actually the big piece here is uh this is important for everybody. So from Adrian's question, here's another play that you could literally run right now. So the thing is with sales nav, it has all the data. You just have to figure out how to manage that data. So the big thing is we want to look at past 
[18:30] companies and we want to look at companies that at the end of the day right are in your customer list. So if you have the filter option right here on account list, I would recommend actually uploading all of your customers from your account list to past company. And then so for I'll give you an example. Let's say true ICP 160 is my customer list. So I would include this list. And then the next 
[19:01] step I'm going to take is actually true ICP. I'm going to exclude it because we don't want people that currently are at this company. We just want people who used to work at the company that was a client. And then we upload our account list. So now we can see every single person that previously was at the company that was a client of ours that moves into a new company that now allows us to have a conversation. So, if we go back to what you're talking about, Adrian, that's the play I run. It's it's yes, I look at previous customers, but I 
[19:31] also look at previous customers who who used to work against these companies, but now they're at my target accounts, and I'm looking at not only my buyer persona to answer one of the questions in here. I'm looking at multiple different personas here. I'm looking at, hey, like if I'm looking to go after a VP of sales, then ultimately at the end of the day, what I'm looking to do is I might want to go talk to marketing. I might also want to 
[20:01] go talk to customer success. I think in this world right now, we can't limit ourselves to the buyer persona. We can't do that. We have to start conversations in these accounts. Uh, and if you agree with me, great. If you don't, like I'm just letting you know because there's too many conversations happening. I want to know what's going on. So, if I'm targeting it, I might need to go maybe talk to someone else in the company to that is adjacent to that department to 
[20:32] at least give me an understanding of what's happening in it so I can sell those services better. The more information I have contextually, the better my conversations will be overall. So Adrian, I hope I helped answer answer that question there. Uh I find that anyone who's used my service in the past or product and liked it, by the way, they got to like it. It going to make my life a lot easier with this play. And then also as well, I'll answer the connection question in a minute, but I see the question around reaching out to personas. I'm reaching out to the 
[21:03] personas that will allow me to have the best chance to have a conversation with the account. I also recommend I would look at in the last six months of your CRM and say who's actually closing, who's actually like generating business for me, right? Is it the director of marketing that's leaving this forward? Is it the director of sales? Is it the VP of sales? Who knows, right? But we have to test to figure out who's actually working and what's not. So to go into Marwin answering your question, 
[21:34] um I really actually find that it's not only the buyer personas, it's the non-key personas because if we can get a warm intro from a colleague to someone else or if I can just get information, that's good. I want to be the best detective possible. So I want to say that again because it's important. Your goal as a salesperson is to be the best detective possible. I want to find clues that make my messaging even better across the board. That's the whole premise. That's the whole goal. So, that's like just something to think about there. Um, and then in terms of 
[22:04] connection requests, you want to send them blank. And what I mean by that is you don't want to send them with a personalized note. And I know I've said this to a lot of people in here, so I know if y'all agree with this, you can let me know. But I've said this a lot is you have to really focus on sending blank connection requests. And by sending blank connection requests, that will increase the the acceptance rate. The reason for that is 
[22:34] that everyone sends these personalized connection requests and they don't actually convert because people have sent them and then they send a pitch and then it doesn't work. So that's just something we've seen across the board. So this is just my example of what to do. You should be targeting key personas, but you also should be targeting non-key personas because those are actually the people that can like help you at the end of the day. So, that's a really good piece. And I'll give you an additional tip to this. Send 
[23:05] your blank connection requests outside of the work hours. So, let's talk about this psychologically like inside of sales now. So, for example, let's kind of go through I'll go like through one example, right, of a safe search. Let's say for example, you're like this is a safe search I would recommend. So, follow your company. Let's add in your account list. And I would save this search and I would be like, "All right, um, follows my company, 
[23:35] uh, target list." So, what is this going to do? Now, this won't happen right now, but I don't know if y'all use save list or save searches or not, but the main benefit of this is that we create this save search here, and what it will do is it'll notify us of every single person that follows my company immediately. So, what I'm going to do, I think I might have it down here, but yeah, but what I'm going to do is I'm going to send connection requests to these people, right? To every single person that is People have been creeping. Yeah, I know. 
[24:06] people who have been creeping is uh my profile views. This is me in real time. I'm showing you what I actually do. Um but yeah, people have been creeping, you know, we got to hit them up. But anyways, I set this thing as a save searches, right? And so the whole entire thing is like I want to show people that like who are following my company and I want to see are they active in real time. And so what I'm doing is I'm looking at this when this pops up this new results. I click this and now I can drill in. So I'm just going to pick one that has like a lot of results just so you can see what it looks like. and it's 
[24:36] going to look like this. And so what I do is I just can send my connection requests straight from sales nav instead of doing it on the normal LinkedIn platform. And I just send them blank. I don't add anything here and I just send it. And it's just it's as easy as simple as that. And my recommendation on the connection strategy is I would use the limit of 200 connection requests per week. If you're doing it through sales sales nav, it's just going to be a lot easier because you can just point and click and then it's just going to be way easier for your life at the end of the day if you follow what I'm talking about here. So, we want a higher acceptance 
[25:07] rate because we want to connect with people to send them a message. If we can send them a message, we're going to have better relevancy. We're going to have better personalization in what we do. And this is just a way of how to do it. So that is what my my preference here of what you should do is really focusing on save searches, building these lead filters and things of that nature. Right? I'm just giving you a snippet of what this can be. But if you have SalesNav, the new way to win on LinkedIn right now is actually using SalesNav and 
[25:39] building it as your engine. You should have at least three to five saved searches across the board. And I'll just kind of point this out and then we'll move to the next thing. So the three safe searches that you should have tactically if you if you want to use what I'm talking about is you need to create one that of f people that follow your company so you can immediately go into there. You need to create a save search of the one I did earlier with the past company and go into the new company. That's a really big one. And then what I 
[26:09] would say is the other one that I have here is viewed profile recently. add your target account list and and see everyone that viewed your profile recently. Those are the ones I would do. You can obviously also add in change jobs as well. But I want to start here before we get into the next stage which is like how do you actually do all this which is sending the messages. But this is what you want to do. And so I'm going to show this to y'all real quick because you know what would we do without AI? So on 
[26:40] play number one, I just walked you through the play of what you can do and how you can set it up. Here's the prompt that you can that you can take from me. So you can screenshot this and use it yourself. This prompt, what it does is based on your target persona and based on your domain, it will then identify and build the filters for you. It will build the boolean search for you as well so that you can actually target these individuals. So this just actually sets everything up for you. So you can take the screenshot of this 
[27:10] prompt then move on. And I see some questions going around the how to target and that's what we're going to talk about next. So uh yes, this is to build your list inside of sales. It will give you all your triggers. You just got to put in what your buyer personas are, but you have to put in like what the buyer personas are. You got to put in what those things are as well. So that's like the whole entire piece. And so it will give you all that information in there as well. And for everyone in here, I see 
[27:42] this too. Um I also would put make sure you put in the chat put everyone because some of you have host and panelists. So just make sure in that like bottom left corner it says two. Uh switch that on to everyone so people can see you. And uh this is for this is for anything. You can put it in any AI tool. It doesn't matter. Um as long as you put in your personas and things that nature it it knows the mapping of sales nav. So, it'll tell you what filters and what you should do from there. So, that's how we go from there. Cool. All right. I know 
[28:12] we got questions coming in around different pieces, but yeah, the connection requests, that's what I would do there. So, the next piece is outreach that doesn't suck. Pattern reps. Now, messaging. A lot of people have questions around messaging. Uh my thing is, this is the formula that I tell people to follow is that we want to think about pattern interrupts. So, let me tell you the best times that I've seen personally and other people I've been working with the best times to send a message. And I'll tell you why. The best time to send a message is in the afternoon evening time. 
[28:43] So, why the if you think about the window of let's say 4 to about 6:30 local time, this is the time where the people you're trying to reach out to have gone through their meetings. They're going through everything and they're coming back online to check LinkedIn, right? This is the whole entire premise. This is the whole entire goal, right? Shout out to Sam McKenna. Show me. You know me. Exactly. This is the This is the case, right? You really want to look at how do we create an observation to show that 
[29:13] we're relevant. So, what is an observation? An observation could be what is the reason for the actual note? Did you read, I don't know, did you read a blog post? Did you listen to an interview? Did you whatever you did, right? that actually leads to that action and leads for you to actually convert and lead to that person. Right? So, what we're doing here for observation is there's three levels of observation. One is that we find something that they've posted and they've done, right? Which for most personas that might not be the case, but I'm giving an example. Number two is what is what about this persona can be 
[29:43] relevant? So, for a techn technical persona, what are the things that we know that they care about? What are the obstacles that they face? What are the things that they actually would be listening to? and what what is actually important to them in their role. And then the third thing is like the company which is like maybe they're hiring someone, they have a job promotion, they have a you know thing of that nature or whatever. So these are just examples, right, of what you can do and how you can do it across the board, right? So the thing is what I tell people is focus on this level of messaging when you go 
[30:15] about and message people. And the number one thing that I recommend is doing videos and voice notes to be more human when you stand out. And so in this chat real quick, put a one if you sent a video, two if you didn't even know that was possible, just to get a context point here. But the thing is a lot of people sent them. What I would tell you though is a lot of people probably heard this advice or even as well people have heard this advice and maybe it has not worked for you. What I would tell you is the 
[30:45] new way to think about video is to do it and I'm saying this it's kind of ironic but to do it outside of the hours of normal working time. So let's psychologically think about this. So, if somebody were to see your video and they're in a meeting, the likelihood, right, and I'll kind of go in here and just show an example of my my friend Andrew here, but the likelihood of someone replying or responding to that is lower. But if we send it at 4 or 6:30 or early before 
[31:17] things happen, that's an example of what you can do that would ultimately lead to success. And so tactically when I tell people to send videos, the whole entire premise here is to focus right on doing these videos across the board and actually doing them a certain way. Now, what I recommend here on these videos tactically, and I'll show you one of my videos if you want if you want to see a video, I'll show you. But like the thing is is that you want to keep these videos less than 50 seconds. 
[31:48] And in keeping these videos less than 50 seconds, it's going to make your video more concise. And there are certain things that you want to do to follow up. And I'm about to talk about that here in a minute. But when you think about reaching out to somebody on LinkedIn, this is the new way to win right now, even though this has been around for a while because a lot of people are hesitant to doing them because it takes time. It's overwhelming. What do I say? Okay. And so I'm going to I'm going to show you example what to say here, but the whole premise is that we want to keep this 
[32:18] video less than 50 seconds. You want to keep this on your iPhone as well when you do them. And I would recommend sending five a day. So if you were to send five videos a day uh for a week, that's 25 videos. If you did it for the month, that's a hundred videos. And then that allows you then to have a really good AB test of what is going to work and what is not going to work. So again, this is an example of what to do. But this is exactly what I would focus on 
[32:49] doing. So that's the whole premise point here with videos is that you just want to be able to do something different, stand out, and my recommendation is stand up when you do them and make sure they're across the board. Um, depends on everyone's a good question, Marvin. It depends on everyone how you do these videos. I would recommend it's probably going to take you 45 minutes to do the video. When you do the videos, I it could it could be less to be honest though, but 45 minutes to do the video. And I also as well when you do this 
[33:19] video, I would make sure that you only do three takes and don't continuously doing more takes. When you do this video, you have to be first degree connected when you do this video, by the way. So that's why I said send the blank connection request. sending the blank connection request. Like I know this sounds crazy and this might be completely different than what you've been told, but I will tell you that like that's the case. Uh 45 minutes to do five videos. So that is how long it 
[33:49] should probably take the average person to do it. If you're not overthinking it now, if you're overthinking it, then sure. But my my whole point is if it takes you 45 minutes to do five videos, uh val I'm going to show a video in a minute. If it takes you 45 minutes to do five videos and you did a hundred for the month and let's say you have a 5% meeting conversion rate, that's five videos or that's five meetings that you got from just from doing that 45 minutes of work. And over time that conversion rate should be higher because you'll be better at the videos and I have people 
[34:19] that have 20 30% conversion. So over time you'll get better, but again that takes time. Uh questions come here. Matt, there's no delivery delay in terms of what I understand. Uh, sales nav, it's just easier to send connection requests there. I'm just answering questions. Um, and it's just that's the best way of doing it. And then when you send a connection request and no one responds, I would use the other channels. I'd use email. I use phone if you can. My last stitch effort is inmail because inmail 
[34:49] is just overall harder. I'm not saying it's like the worst. I'm just saying it's just harder overall. So, I always recommend people to get that first connection across the board. And uh yes, Joseph, I have sent I actually I'm gonna find this video. Uh I sent a video and I actually kind of like messed someone's name up. Uh and I still booked the meeting, so it's definitely possible. Uh so yeah, I gotta find that video. I 
[35:19] completely I like messed up the name and I was like, "Oh, all right. My bad." But they were still cool. Like it was chill. Like don't I would just really like not overthink it. But I personalized my video to every single person because imagine if you got a video and you realized it was a bot. I just want you to think about that. You probably wouldn't like it. So I just try to think about things that I wouldn't like. If I knew a video was a bot, like I'm probably not going to be that excited by it, right? So that's just something to consider and keep in 
[35:49] mind. I'm going to show you a video that I did. Uh, this is a little bit of an example here and you kind of can see how I go about it. So, I'm about to zoom it up and I'm about to play it. And no, if you will, here's the thing, D. We're not sending videos in email. We're sending them only on LinkedIn. So, there is no spam that as here. That's why I'm saying this is so important because we actually won't be spammed across the board. Um, see, there we go. 
[36:21] I messed up the name. See, I I messed up. So, we got a live person. I actually said said I said in a video and I said the name wrong. So, look at me. I I messed up. But, we still got a We still got a still got a response, though. So, we're good. But anyways, let me show y'all a video real quick. So, this is uh I mean, I'm just showing youall in real time. This is Christian. I sent this video what couple months ago. And I'm going to play it. If we can't hear it, let me know. But, I'm going to adjust my settings real quick so you can actually hear this video. Um, but you should be able to hear it. So, you're going to see how I did it and then you can let me 
[36:51] know like what you think, but I can break down psychologically why this led to this meeting. Hold on one second. I got to unmute LinkedIn. It'd be loud. All right, here we go. All right, Christian. Reason for my videos. First off, love Barcelona. Visited there last year. One of my favorite places. Anyways, uh I've been talking to a lot of sales leaders and one thing they've been telling me is that their big obstacle is trying to find net new meetings in in GDPR. So cold calling absolutely hard, cold emailing, we know that's difficult and 
[37:22] they're looking to shift to LinkedIn to the optimize their outbound to get in front of the right people. And I'm curious if that's something that you've been working on is maximizing that channel to get in front of the right people. Christian reason for my video. >> So hopefully everyone heard that video. That's a live example. I have a lot of these examples, but we only have a certain amount of time. But that'll be for a whole another session itself. But that's the video. So for everyone that in the video, you can call me, let me know. But like that's the way to do it. Like this is 26 seconds. He he responded. Well, I would never 
[37:53] show you a video that didn't get a response. We did get a response. We got a response and it led into I'm going to show youall like it literally led into a conversation and it led into a meeting. The whole entire thing. So I'm literally showing you like I'm not going to show you something that doesn't work but yeah so this is what happens right is like these things right are are what lead to meetings by these types of conversations right so this is just an example right so the CTA violet was actually just a question it was like how are you using LinkedIn in your mix so it wasn't even 
[38:25] like let's meet it was just like how are you using this in your mix and then that led to the conversation and that led to the meeting so that's just one example of how to do this. But again, when it comes to the videos, you're just having that conversation. Now, I led with something a little bit different in that one, but again, you have to be first-deree connected to get that done. And uh yes, I actually have prompts. We're actually better go into that real quick. But yeah, I actually recommend the soft ask, the soft close 
[38:56] versus asking for the meeting because now, right, I'm I'm in a conversation. And so you just notice there like this is an SVP of sales. I ask like how are you doing this? So now it could lead into we're doing fantastic, we're not doing fantastic. This is what we're looking at. Like there's a lot of things that can happen and occur there. And so now I'm having a dialogue and now I'm having that conversation, right? And now I can go from there. So, I found that that one to like start the conversation rather than like let's meet for 30 minutes allows for me to have again the whole goal is more conversations and I 
[39:27] can take those conversations and convert more opportunities through the web, right? That's the whole entire goal. Uh Brian, appreciate uh the fits. I get my fits from Ree. This brand is my brand. Shout out to them. Uh yes. So, Billy, I continue the conversations with text. So, I'll actually just show this convo, right? So, after we did this video, I was just kind of texting back and forth. Not going to go too deep in it so you don't see all the messages, but I'm actually getting into the text form. So, I I I go 
[39:58] with the video, they respond, and then now we're texting back and forth or some people reply back with the video and then we just video message back and forth. It really does depend on what is going on uh across the board. Elise, yes, I do change my I do change it depending on the region. Like there's certain regions I just wouldn't send a video. Like I probably No hate against anybody here, but I'm probably not sending a video to people in France. I'm probably not sending a video to people in Germany to be fair. Like I'm doing a 
[40:28] different approach. I'm probably doing a written message. Uh and I'm probably going back to what what happened here Cameron Cameron said around asking a question. I might just start with a question and then and then go from there. Or with Germany, I might just be more direct and like this is exactly what I want. I'm very cautious of the regions I go into. Even I don't know if we have people in here from Latim. I send people from Latim voice notes because they love talking in voice notes on WhatsApp. I know that that's going to actually correlate better than sending a 
[40:58] video. So the psychological reasoning and the understanding of when you reach out to someone is extremely important and I also know that right as well. Um so Sherry good good contextual point here I would say yes and no if you use the video and UKI I've seen it to work. I have different examples of people and reps that have actually done this with uh CIOS um head of HR have done this with trying 
[41:28] to think of the other persona DPS of sales and it has worked. So in UKI yes in the Nordics hit or miss in Germany and France and DAC probably not to be fair just be real with you. Um, but the thing is you know your regions better than me. I'm just giving you an example of what you can do. But at the end of the day, right, is about going about that route. Uh, Felipe, these are, by the way, y'all are asking some like fantastic questions, by the way. I I love these questions. We could we could chop it up. So, I got a DJ horn for 
[41:59] y'all. These are good questions. Um, you want to be more direct with the executives and you can be maybe a little more casual or conversational with people below the power line, but you have to be direct at the end of the day uh with the VPs because most people don't do that. Uh, yeah, I know. Look, I know I know about the Germans. You got to be direct. You can't come in there and be softball. So, that's just like an example. 
[42:29] Um, but again, all the things I'm saying are AB testing. If here's the thing, if you sent a 100 videos in your region, you tell me. You can tell me if it works or not. But if you have not sent a 100 videos, you don't have enough sample size to say whether or not works just to be just to be fair. That's going to tell you whether or not this works or not. So, let's go into this piece right here. So, this is like the messaging. So, some people are asking what the messaging is. You can screenshot this and take it and you can see the breakdown here. This is the way I think about this. And the 
[43:00] thing is is that like I say there's two things I do that I want to point out. So the thing I do here is I always kind of say in some videos not sure because I don't want to come in and be like this is the absolute solution. I just say hey I'm not I'm not really sure if this is for you or not because I don't know I don't know 100% certainty but I do know it may be something right? I'm not 100% but at least I know. So, that's like an example. Um, but the thing is is that like 
[43:33] this right here is the breakdown of how I do my videos. So, if you're wondering how I send them and what I do, you could literally take this and like insert your own messaging obviously and then go from there. That's like the premise point. And I found this to actually be like just the most helpful thing for me. And this is the same structure I follow every single time. And so, that obviously helps you in what you're trying to do. AI. This is how I replicate my messaging. 
[44:06] Some of you when you look at this, you may not understand how critical this is. But basically what I do is every message that works, I get the transcript of the video and I put it inside of AI to say it works. And then over time I have it break down the psychological reasons why it worked. We analyze the neural uh NLP neuralistic programming. We understand what did I say that stood out. How could I have been shorter? Was I not concise? Uh Josh AI chatbt any LM chatbt claude 
[44:40] Gemini whatever. So you can put this in anything. It'll work just depending on what you like and that's up to you. So the thing is like this is the this is the focus point that we want. You send out these messages whether you decide to do a written message, a video or voice, whatever you decide, right? I'm just I was just telling you that like overall this is the this is the key right now. Careless whisper. It's kind of funny. 
[45:11] Um, you want to do you want to AB test videos and voice. I'm just telling you the way to be more human is by doing these things. And humans are humans regardless of persona. And this will actually work better for technical personas to be honest with you because you're going to have not have a link because you're just going to upload your iPhone video. So we're going to take the responses we get whether you decide to take this written framework I have here and make it your because you can take this by the way take out the reason for the video and this is your message on LinkedIn by 
[45:41] the way. So if you don't want to do videos on voice notes you can just take this and just use this framework and it literally gives you a breakdown of the observation framework I said earlier because that's the key. Then, right, we're going to put in our messages that work and then we're gonna amplify it from here. That's gonna be the goal. So, before we get into the content side, I've said a lot. I know we had a we had a bit of an intro, we had the music going on, we had to get set the stage, but we got very very tactical for the 
[46:11] past 30 40 minutes and we got like 15 minutes left. But the thing is I have to know this is the first webinar I've done for this first webinar I've done so in in a quite some time. So my question for you all is have you all found this to be impactful so far. Just let me know yes no maybe so but uh goal is to keep doing these but I also got to know and then um also as well please please please we're going to have a survey at the end. Uh we we are very 
[46:41] open for transparent feedback on how we can always improve. I know we could have gotten straight to the tax early, but I wanted to set the stage for everybody to let them know why we're here. Um but I also wanted to make sure that, you know, we set the stage here as well. Uh Felipe, look, hey, look, I know I'm tired of the gurus, man. I'm just out here just trying to help the people. I'm in the churches just like y'all are. It's different, but I'm still in here. Um, so that's the case. The thing is, like, 
[47:13] look, I'm not with the group. Don't put me in this spot. I'm just in the trenches and I just so happen to post content. That's literally all it is. So, all right. Like, this AI system, I'm keeping it up here. Did everybody get this, by the way? Um, did everybody screenshot this? Because I want to make sure everybody's good. This is the most important AI prompt I'm going to share with you. This is so so so so important. like please use this when you start getting responses and you will and you won't have to ask me by the way. I'm only here to guide you. You won't have to ask me if it works or not. Like the 
[47:45] AI will tell you what to do moving forward because I don't know every single persona. I have a good understanding but like I don't know every single one. So this will help you. So, what I would say is, "Yo, Billy, this is this is not what I want. I don't want this aura. Don't don't give me the guru aura. I don't want it. Get out of here. I don't want that at all." Um, Tina, I do have conversion rate, and this is I'm just going to tell you this, 
[48:15] um, at the end of the day, y'all, and just be like, uh, my conversion rate is 30%. Right? 30 35%. I have had clients and people I've worked with that have had 20% 15%. And um I've also had people that have gotten 10%. So my thing is I found that the videos overall have a better response rate because very few people get them. You know I I have people that say, "Hey, I've never seen this video before." And I was thoughtful and that's why I responded. That's the response we want. 
[48:45] We want people to be like, "Yo, this was like different." You know, like that what is that 2 song? I'm different. Yeah, I'm different. Y'all know that song. Um, so that's the case there. Um, but that's the key thing. Shane, this is a really, really good question. So, 30% response rate and then you'll probably get booking rate is harder by the way to gauge by the way, Shane, because the booking rate also depends on your offer. 
[49:16] So, at this point, it actually doesn't really rely on like what I just told you. Your booking rate applies if your offer is good. So if your offer isn't good, your booking rate will be detrimental here. And that's not something I'm talking about here today. That's not what we're going to talk about. But I want to say that as a point. Your booking rate is really depend on how good your offering your product is. Because if you have really good messaging, but then you don't not offering something good, well, yeah, people aren't going to want to meet with you because you're not solving a problem. So that's actually just really important contextual point. But you should see a half half. So basically, if 
[49:46] you get a 30% response rate, you should see like 15% 15% booking rate. Like, right? If you get like a 10% response rate, you'll get like a 5% booking rate. That's just like standard. That's the key as well. All right. So, this is very very important. I want to I want to Yeah, I'm going to talk about this because I kept this up for a while. How many of you all feel like and you can be honest with me here, right? This is not like I'm not going to come after anybody because like I I generally have no emotion tied to your answer by the 
[50:17] way. Like it's okay if you say no. How many of you feel or yes? How many you feel like content creating as a sales rep or a sales leader and a founder is a waste of time? Just put a just say yes. I'm I'm actually just curious if you really feel this way. Like I actually will I'm cool if you think it's a waste of time. I just really want to get where people are at. You everyone in here just you can just be honest. this will not be sent out. I'm not going to like come after you. This is an honest, transparent take. Do you actually feel 
[50:47] like as a sales person, a sales leader, this is a complete waste of my time? And it's okay to say yes here. And it does depend. It does depend for sure. So, okay. So, a lot of people a lot of people actually are like say no. I thought a lot of y'all would be like, "Yes, this is a waste of time." So, the thing is, if you think no, I'm going to give you a way to actually help you. Yeah. A yo, we're not here for airsoft. But if you said yes, I want I want to challenge you on something. 
[51:18] So, I want all of you here the Here's the advice you see on LinkedIn. Go create How many How many are annoyed by this advice, by the way? I'm annoyed by this device. How many people are annoyed by the vice like go create content every single day. go make a hundred comments a day and then go follow everyone and then in the first hour make sure you engage with your content. Then make sure you DM every single person uh that likes your content. And then also as well, hey, make sure that you like and also comment more uh in the evening uh while you're 
[51:48] doing pickle ball and doing sports. Like how many of y'all are annoyed by this advice? I'm gonna let y'all know like this is actually I've been doing this for for nine years. I'm telling you, I've been creating content for nine years. I'm going to tell y'all like this advice is not good advice. I'm going to let y'all know right now. And if you want to send somebody after me and you get mad, I don't really care. I'm just telling you like I've been doing this ve for a very long time. I'm going tell you this is a waste of this is a waste of time for all the people in here for sales people, leaders, found this, it's a waste of your time. Do not do this advice. Stay away from these people that 
[52:19] give you this advice. I'm going to tell you what you need to do. So when I created content, I was I was an SDR by the way. what top top performing rep one and two every single month and the level of content I created was different but the thing I did differently is that I actually wasn't creating content my goal was never to be an influencer I never wanted to be a guru the only thing I was focusing on is sharing what was happening was relevant 
[52:50] to my buyers that was it so what do we what do I mean by that your goal is to be a curator rather than a creator. So what does that mean? So what I'm telling you to do is what you should already be doing. Looking up blog posts, going to webinars, finding white papers, finding information about your space. Every space has this. It HR, you have some level of information that's out there. And what you're going to do is twice a month, this is even crazy. I'm not going to ask for a whole lot. Find 
[53:20] something that you is relevant to your industry and curate and give your feedback as a reporter and be like, "Here are the three things I learned from a CIO today. Tag the CIO you learned from." And guess what? When they like the post because no one ever mentions them in content, other CIOS will see your content. And now other CIOS will see your profile. And now more people will know who you are. That's all you need. And so anyway, that's a really good question. I 
[53:52] don't have the data on that. I would tell you it's probably more that I have a platform now. Like it's definitely significantly more, but like what I do is completely different than probably most people in this room to be fair. Um, so that's what I would say. Like yeah, it's definitely way more now, but like when I was in SDR, this still helped a lot. What I would say though is that like when you look at this, hey KJ, shout out to you. Appreciate you. Um, this is all you need to do. So, some of you are asking how did like just read this post. This is an example. This 
[54:24] answers your question. All I did is I talk about what I did. So, notice I say I. This is the one time where you can use I because I know in sales messaging you don't want to use this, but I'm saying, "Hey, I loved listening to this podcast or this is what I listen to. Right? And I had three main takeaways. That was genuinely something that I actually liked. And then that's it. You all can screenshot this post. I did this four years ago back when I was in full cell cycle sales. This is what I did. I 
[54:54] listened to a podcast back before AI, by the way. I just listened to a podcast of someone I was trying to sell it to. I was like, "That's good advice." And then I just shared what I learned and they connected with me and we booked a meeting. And this has worked in other industries by the way. I've seen this work for people in cyber security it like I can go on but like this works outside of just the normal SDRs and a C posting which is probably what you think this is. I know how this is how people 
[55:25] think. I'm saying telling you you don't have to do that. Do this. Be a creator. Now how do you do it? So these are questions you should ask yourself. Ask yourself these questions and you can screenshot this because we're running out of time here. And then these are the tools to leverage. Feedley, uh, Aware is actually I had this in here, but now they're actually sun's setting, so rest in peace until maybe the new one comes out, but Twitter list, Reddit, Google, sales nav, set up 
[55:56] set yourself up a notion where you take notes on it, right? Or YouTube, like these are all places that you can get this information for, right? I'll go back to the question. You can take a screenshot, but these are all the things that you can use. Mark has added some stuff in there. So like these are this is what I would do, right? And so now you can use this AI. You can take this prompt here. I'll zoom in a little bit so we can get get the better of the prompt here. Hold on one second. Boom. This 
[56:26] prompt again. It tells you some things you have to insert. That's up to you. This prompt will actually tell you y'all like this is insane. I don't like I just AI is pretty crazy. And so every time I do something I'm just like this is nuts. Okay. You can I'm so excited to tell you all this information because like I've been sitting on some stuff I haven't shared in a while. I haven't shared with anyone. So, this is this is like new information y'all. No one want to share. I haven't shared this with anyone yet. So, new way to win on LinkedIn. Uh yeah, let's just get all the information that people are sharing 
[56:58] across the internet of our industry that comes directly to us. You run a deep research inside of AI. It all literally comes directly to you and all you have to do is tell it to analyze the blog post and based on you because if you've been in chat GBT or AI it should know you a little bit and just say give me a threepoint summary on this blog. Yo, I'm telling you if you follow this I you can create two pieces of content on like just let me know in the chat if you you feel like you can 
[57:28] create at least two pieces of content with this prompt. I would hope. Please. Like this just makes it easy. Like you just put in the prompt. It gives you everything and now you have to do this and that's it. Uh I actually have a do I actually have a real result on Billy. I can actually pull it up. Um but I know we're like running on time. There's so much to share here and I know like people got meetings to go to and if y'all want to kick it for a couple minutes like I'll show you the extra stuff the bonus round if you stay 
[57:58] around. But I do have an example of this and I'll pull it up. But the thing is like this is what you want to do and that's the piece y'all. So here's the next steps here as we wrap up and I'll stay for questions because I've been answering them along the way and I'm making sure I can get everything. And if you have questions and I miss it in the chat, put it in the Q&A. You see the chat's going pretty quick and I'm doing the best of my ability to answer everything possible. Give your voice some grace. I'm trying to answer everything possible. But if you missed, if your question was missed, put it in 
[58:28] the Q&A and I'm gonna go through the Q&A and then um anything that we missed, we'll go back and also do that as well, too. So, uh Steve, don't be n don't be asked about the recording. Uh in here, I believe, uh Steph on my team is about to drop in the sales nav kit. He's about to drop in the sales nav kit and we're going to drop in the sales nav master class. So, the thing is what I showed you today is only 10% of sales, by the way. That's not even the full That's not even like even close to the full extent of sales. Now, I just showed you snippets of the new ways to win on 
[58:59] LinkedIn, videos, voice notes, getting clarity on your buyer personas, getting clarity on sales nav filters you can literally go use today, right? How to create content in an easy way. So, what's going to do in the chat? We're going to drop in the sales nav kit and we're going to drop in the next sales nav piece if you want to come and join us and have some fun on the next one September 10th if you enjoyed it today. And also as well, if 
[59:30] you want to book a strategy call, let's say leader that you're in here, if you're like, man, my team needs a a component of this. This is even the full thing, right? If my team just needs a component of this, uh, you can book a call with me, you can DM me. And then also, as well, if you're a rep and you're like, I just need some help, you can DM me as well on the back end. We'll send follows with the recordings. And any screenshots you want from the slides, uh, you also can directly message me on LinkedIn as well. But we should have the sales nav kit is going 
[60:00] in. Um so you can directly access that and then also as well uh the link to the next webinar. Um we'll send that your way too. So that will that will be dropping in here as well if y'all still want to hang. We still got people here. I can answer some questions but we still got 150 people still here. Paul, I swear asking me about the recording. Yes, you will get the recording. I promise. You know, if you ask me about the recording, you're not going to get it. 
[60:30] That's actually my new thing. If you ask me about the recording, you just will not get it. That's my new thing now. So, now here you go. But also, as well, uh if you want to connect me directly on LinkedIn, you can scan that QR code by the way. If you like don't know where my profile is, that's where again if you have any further questions, hit me up. And also, if you want to book a strategy call, you can go there too as well. Uh, but I'm going to see if there's any further questions here as we wrap up. Uh, I'm going to answer some as we hang here. 
[61:01] So, let's see. Okay, questions here that I'll answer. And by the way, uh, as you all leave out, there will be a survey. So, let us know. But hopefully you all found this to be fun, exciting. You gain some new information. and you're like, "Oh, that's actually something I'm not doing." But yeah, all the prompts in there. Everything's going to be good. Uh, if you if you still want to hang, I'll hang for another 10 minutes. Like, y'all just let me know if you still have questions. I can still hang here for about another 10, 
[61:33] excuse me, another 10 minutes. So, if you have questions here, I see people dropping. That's fine. Um, I'm going to like go through some questions here of this one last one, and then I'll show like a AI example if you need it as well, so you kind of can see what's going on. But, um, let's see. I think yeah, I would say everything here is basically B2B, but there are components as well um that I would say like you definitely want to drill into 
[62:04] and make sure at the end of the day, uh let's see. I'm gonna find the example for you real quick so that you can use that. And then here we go. That's the link for that one. So all the sales now stuff, that's the link as well. So all of you can go sign up for that. That's for the sales nav. So you can go into that right there. Um let's see this in action. I'm trying to pull it up 
[62:34] because I have so many different GPTs. Uh I don't like emojis and post Marta. I just I'm not a fan of it. And that's not like to say it's good or bad. I just I just don't prefer them. It's just not my vibe. It's not my style. So, I just don't do them. So, that's like the main thing on that one. Uh let's see. Master class is in there. So, everybody wants to do the master class. It's there. Trying to see. Uh videos on the platform. Man, I don't know about that right now to be honest with you. It's been kind of like 
[63:05] massively hit or miss. Like I don't I really don't know what's going on. I'm gonna be real with you. Like I don't know. I don't you notice I don't even post that many videos. Um uh Claude is really good for message helper. Uh message helper. I find Claude is like more more real um at the end of the day. But that's just me. Uh let's see. I got some lasting questions in here. 
[63:35] I'mma hang for a bit. Appreciate you, Josh. Appreciate you coming through. Uh, someone asked about increasing followers for your company. Uh, I think like I wouldn't actually worry about that as much. I'd focus more on like your own personal profile because if you increase your own personal profile, then people will follow your company because they'll follow the voice of that company rather than the actual company page itself. So, I would focus more on you being the conjuit of that more than anything else. That's just like my personal opinion. Um, some people may 
[64:06] may think differently and have a different thought, but that's just like what I would tell you um on that. And I'm trying to find an output for y'all. I told you I'd send you one. So, I'm gonna see if we can pull one up for y'all real quick. Okay. Um, I would say, let's see. LinkedIn is my main source and I would say like that's 
[64:38] me as a founder right at the end of the day right um but I would say if I was a SDR or a today and people are still hanging here I would actually focus on the parallels of cold calling and LinkedIn I would use those to all the time. And I would use email for like 
[65:09] if I really saw really a lot of intent and interest, I would use email. I'm just going to be real with y'all. I'm not saying email's dead. I never like to say things are dead. I used to say that, but like I just don't believe in something's dead because it does work. I'm just saying in certain industries, but I like I'm just really finding at the end of the day like like it's really difficult to do email because of all the external things that you can't control. And because there's so many external things that you can't overall control, 
[65:41] I tend to stay away from trying to do just email. So email is probably the last one. and I'll do LinkedIn cold calling. Uh, agent, for my business, I don't inherently need to cold call myself, but like I understand it well enough that I could give you a breakdown on like what to do and how to go about it. But also at the same time, it's like I wouldn't I would uh I wouldn't personally just do that because like for my business, I can just do LinkedIn and I can just be I can like 
[66:12] kind of vibe out, you know? I don't have to like do too much. So I don't have to like do the cold calling like I did back in the day when I did like a hundred cold calls or 200 cold calls a day. It's just a lot different right now than what I than what I used to do. And that's just something that I've just learned over time. But everybody's different based on the businesses and what they're trying to accomplish and what they're trying to do. I've just ultimately found that at the end of the day that's like, you know, there's different ways of how to go about it and what you want to do. But I found that that was actually like really helpful for me, right? And so 
[66:43] that's like an example Cool. All right, y'all. Well, I'mma head out. And yeah, Bill, I'll send it as a followup because I wanted to show y'all in real time how these uh these GPTs work. And they're pretty like they're pretty wild at the end of the day. Like some of these stuff I'm like doing. I'm just like I don't even know how this is even possible. Like like for real. I'm like this is actually pretty insane town. Like I'm like what in the world are we doing? Um, but I would say it's like definitely take these tactics, 
[67:15] right? So my my hold for think whatever it's like one, two, or three things, right, that I would take away from this and go take action for the 60 people that are still here hanging, right? Take these one, two or three things that we talked about and go and take action and go and do something with this today. And by going in and doing this today, uh, you can go be successful. So any question here that I ga answer, we'll do that on the back end. I'll look through the questions. I was like, I thought 
[67:45] this was really good. We'll directly message the person that won. So then obviously you can get set up and then uh again, if you take one of these things and the first person to book a meeting uh at the end of the day, you can send it to me uh and then we'll give you Amazon and then take the information from the session today and you also can share it out too. So hope everyone has a blessed rest of their day. Uh and hope that you all can go see success. Cheers.
