---
channel: morgan-ingram
video_id: q8-o56PENpM
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8-o56PENpM
title: "How to Book 1 Extra Meeting Every Week with Sales Navigator | Muffins With Morgan"
published: 2026-04-17
fetched: 2026-04-17
---

# Transcript

[00:02] Welcome everybody to Muffins with Morgan. The reason you're here is that every Friday or we tip to every Friday to bring you insights from the field, very tactical advice so that you can take the advice immediately and go implement and see some results. And we have Sierra here today who has been on one of the master classes before and she's gotten crazy results. So that's why we're bringing her to the fold because this is what we do. We bring people results from the frameworks. But 
[00:32] before we get into that, if everyone could quickly introduce themselves on where you tuning in from, where you're at, uh we'll give it like a minute or two here because I know people are coming in from meetings and so once once everybody gets in here in the next two minutes, we'll dive right into it because you're here to talk about strategy, right? But tell us where you're tuning in from. Tell us where you're at. Uh what is happening everybody? Uh Kyle is lit in the chat. Shout out to Kyle. Uh Kyle is excited. Yo, Kyle Kyle's ready. But everybody else, let us know where you're tuning in 
[01:02] from. Let us know where you're at. Sierra, how are you doing today? >> I'm doing great. I'm excited to be here. Um it's pretty crazy. I joined this webinar in August. And I was like, you know what? Let me try these tips. And it worked out and here I am. So, pretty cool to be here. as a actually fantastic uh for you to be here as well. Um so shout out everybody that's dropping in. Uh let's shout some people out. So we got Cancun. Got Cancun in the house. 
[01:34] Okay, there we go. Shout out to Cancun. Uh we got Columbia. Well, Kyle, what up? Uh we got Syracuse in the house. What? We got uh my boy Billy. What up, Billy? We got Vancouver. We got Omaha. We got Atlanta. Shout out to Atlanta. There we go. Um, we'll let people trickle in here in a minute. We got a good range. We're Let's see. We've got international. Sometimes there's always a there's always someone international where I'm like, what in the world? But shout out to them when they come through. But everybody else is as we're talking, we're just letting people come in from 
[02:05] their meetings. I know how it is. So, we're just talking about where you're tuning in from and then we'll dive straight in, right, and get to the information of like that is why y'all are here so we can start chopping it up on that. So, we got people coming in right now. Cool. So, as people trickle in, we're going to dive right into it on why are you here today. So, we're talking about how to book one extra meeting every week with sales nav. The main thing that 
[02:36] we're going to be touching on though is Sierra's process, what exactly she is doing, how you can do the same things and how you can incorporate that for success at the end of the day. So, that's going to be the whole entire premise point. That's going to be the goal right here that we're going to be walking through and what you all can take advantage of as well. Right. So, we're just going to dive right in and go into introductions. Sarah, if you could introduce yourself, give us a fun fact. I I'll give some information about myself and then we'll dig right into it. >> Sure. Yeah. Fun fact, let's start off. I 
[03:08] have my black belt and no one ever expects that from like a little 53 blonde girl. >> Hey, in what? In like karate or >> in in taekwondo? >> Wow. All right. Watch out. >> Yeah. Don't come for me. Um yeah, I'm currently an SDR at Clue. So, I've been here for about a year. So, literally have a year in sales. Before that, I was in university and I was bartending and I'm actually about to start over at 
[03:39] Nooks. Shout out Nooks in the chat in two weeks. >> Awesome. Good stuff. And uh I if you've been here before, shout out if you've been to Muffins before. If you have not, I am Morgan Ingram. I have been in sales development outbound top ofunnel tech space for the past decade. Uh I started off as an SDR been an SDR manager worked at JB sales John Barers for four years on sales training. Uh and that's exactly what I do today with my company AMP social. We go into B2B organizations and 
[04:11] help SDR teams AE teams on how can you be more magnetic, intuitive and also more importantly consistent in the methods and frameworks that you do with our 45day program that we do. So that's our whole entire thing that we do and and the components and the frameworks of those programs are shared throughout these Muffins with Morgan episodes that we have and that's exactly what Sierra is going to talk about today is what did she do from that master class that we did in August and how she's been able to 
[04:42] see success. So as you all come in last thing that I'll add and I'll let Sierra talk. Uh people are going to ask you will get a recording. It will come to your email. If it does not come to your email, you can ping me and we'll find out what happened because typically it goes to spam. So, always check that. Uh, more importantly, uh, we have a YouTube playlist of all the previous Muffins and Morgans and also the recordings are on there. So, if you're like, I don't know where it's at, it's on the YouTube. So, just go check out the YouTube. Uh, we'll drop that here in a minute so everybody has it and then we'll go from there. But Sierra, I want to talk to you and get an 
[05:12] understanding because you said it was back in August. So, what were you doing before you came to one of these master classes or webinars that we do? And based on that, what was going on? What was happening before? And then kind of what was the turning point for you? And then we'll get into the tactics of how exactly you did that. >> Yeah, for sure. Honestly, when I started this, like LinkedIn wasn't really a thing at the company that we did. We had one of our colleagues try it out and 
[05:42] he'd actually booked a meeting and gotten another response and then our manager was like, "Oh, maybe there's something here. Maybe LinkedIn is a channel that we should be testing out and trying more." And we had really no guidelines on how to go about that. We were just really going in blind. So he was familiar with you, huge fan himself. So he was like, "Hop on, join the webinar, see if you can get something out of it." And then after the webinar, we were like, "Hey, let's try it out. Let's run with it." Um, so really just 
[06:13] messing around with it and starting to kind of send out those messages, really putting a focus on the videos as well. Um, and then from there, we just honestly found it was working um, by able to just like follow through the framework. Okay, let's follow like these different filters, make sure we're talking to the right people, but then really change our messaging so it's a little bit tighter and really direct um to try and solve a problem. So, let's dig into that. By the way, uh y'all, I 
[06:43] don't know how this is going to taste. I have strawberry muffins. Has anyone in here ever strawberry muffin? Like, I don't know how this is going to go, but we're about to see. So, here we go. Uh cuz I I'm like, "Yeah, I don't even know what a strawberry muffin even contains." I mean, it sounds great, but like I don't I genuinely don't know. But Sierra, let's dive into your process. So, first steps is sales navigator. When we talked, you told me that the filters that you use helps you have more relevant messaging. So, could you walk us through what filters you use? And 
[07:14] then everybody in the chat, if you have questions, this is now the time. So, we're going to dive in. >> Yeah. So, the main filters are you want to see if they're following your company. If they're following your company, they're interested in the content. And more likely than not, they might even already be a customer or a customer in the past. They've used maybe your company's tool before, but it's a really good signal to reach out to those people. I would say that's probably the hottest one. Um, another one that's 
[07:44] really good is executive connections. Some people won't maybe follow the company directly, but then they're really engaged with the executives. maybe they know them personally and that's also going to be a lot harder or a lot harder when you reach out to them. And then anyone that switch roles, if they switch roles, you know, they're new at that company, they're going to be look to switching it up, make an impact, and you can use that within your messaging. But I would say those are the three top ones. >> So the follows your company, how many 
[08:15] people know in chat I know about that one? You can let us know yes or no. I think that one's a that's like the low biggest lowh hanging fruit in my opinion. But Sarah, I would love for you to like walk through and maybe show people how to do the exact connections because I think that actually is the most slept on one >> that people completely miss. So, if you could walk us through how do you do that in your process and then we'll kind of go from there. >> Yeah, for sure. Let me open up my sales nav so then you can see. So, something I 
[08:48] also like to do kind of within here is you can export your account list and then have all the accounts that you're working. Um, so that would be kind of like a starting point for me. But in terms of the filters, this would be the following your company. Um, who's viewed your profile recently is another good one. Um, but those would be the ones that would show up. And then to get kind of new in the role, less than a year, uh that would be the one there. And for 
[09:19] executive connections, executive team link connections there. Awesome. And then and then for people that may not know, how exactly are you setting up the executive team connections? Some people may not have this in their in their license, which is fine, but for most people listening in, how are you setting up this exact team connection so that you're actually getting the right connects here? >> Mhm. This would be really just filtering down by the personas that you're targeting because obviously they're not 
[09:50] all going to be relevant. So for me, like we sell competitive enablement, competitive intelligence. So, I type in competitive to see if they have that anywhere within their profile. Or you could also kind of go to their job title here. I could do product marketing manager is one of them. And then filter it out to make sure that you're at least getting down to the right persona. >> And then I think the the biggest thing I 
[10:20] would tell you all as well, and Sarah will dive into it, is like less than one year. I think that people don't leverage that enough. And sure, you can use the change jobs and that's fine. But if you find that less than one year, like people are like 4 months at the company or 6 months at the company or whatever it is, like you're going to have a way better time to get in front of them than someone who just joined. If you know them, fair play, but if you don't know them, I would I would 100% go than less than one year. >> Yeah, absolutely. I think if you can hit 
[10:51] between kind of that two to eight month mark that would be definitely like the best range. >> Is anyone else in the chat are you seeing the same thing like in the two I guess probably four to eight um after that uh the light has left our eyes. Yeah, I would definitely say that like it it's it's hard to to say this because then people will be like, "Wait, I don't I don't know about that." But you just don't want to talk to people who are kogons. That's basically what I tell people. Like you don't want to you don't 
[11:21] want to talk to someone who like just isn't about it, you know? And so getting someone at like four to 10 months, they still have mo they still have like energy that they want to go do something. I think like past that is where it gets >> it gets a little it gets a little shaky. So that's my opinion. Now, we're going to go into examples here of like how you're actually messaging and getting responses because that's what people want to see. But inside of Sales Navigator itself, is there any other filters that you want to highlight that you think people should be using more of? 
[11:51] I'd say as well the past colleague one, like it's not going to show up very much, but when it does, they worked at your company. They're probably going to do you a good one and help you out. Um, so definitely use that. And have they been at SDR before? Right, that's something they've been in the game. They know what it's like down in the trenches. So, you could filter out like, look, this guy was an SDR at some point um CRO, head of um global 
[12:21] sales development. But that's another way you can do some more creative outreach and they're going to be a little bit more keen to respond. Um, but again like anyone who's viewed your profile as well, if you have something in your bio that says something about your company and like what you help out with too and then they've looked at that, maybe they've accepted your connection request because they saw that. So that also might be a good signal where they're a little bit more interested. But I would say those are the main ones. And then when you go 
[12:52] through and do all of your prospecting, like you're just looking through the accounts, like I'll make a list of all of the people and make different notes. And you want to use that as well when you're actually going through and doing the different searches. Like when you go back into um sorry, go back into this and then open it up back in your 
[13:22] search. Um you can add in those different lead lists. So if I only wanted to go through um Red Hot, I could do that as well. And then that helps narrow it down maybe to certain ones you're looking at specifically. >> I want to So we have a question coming in from Emily. She's asking you about your market segment. But before we answer that question, I want to highlight something that you you mentioned here that people might miss. So obviously at the end of the day, there'll people be in there's going to 
[13:52] be people in here that may not sell to, you know, maybe a marketing leader or a sales leader. So they maybe weren't SDR, but the advice that Sarah just shared was very important contextually. So, if you think about it, you want to see like, okay, was someone a I don't know, were they like a finance analyst? Were they an IT admin? Like, you can always see like where did they start before? And then you can kind of tell like, okay, if they started at this role, then and they grew up to a a senior role, 
[14:24] then I can use maybe that background that they had there. So, that's a way that you could like kind of look at that in a similar way. if obviously you they don't have like the sales background but I think it's a really good call out of like what were they doing before and like what are they doing now is there a way that we could state a message there so I want to add clarity to that but there was a question here from Emily what market segment do you sell into uh just so we have context >> yeah for sure um so we're competitive enablement and then when loss so really like understanding why you win or lose a 
[14:55] deal after it's close one or close loss we'll go out and interview them um But the market segment is like product marketers, people in competitive intelligence, sales enablement, sales leaders, rev ops, um sales ops. Those would be all the main ones. And sometimes product management as well. >> So I probably like mid-market, probably enterprise companies. >> Yeah, my range is all over the place. So, I'll do anything from roughly 100 
[15:25] employees up to huge enterprise accounts with, you know, 100,000 plus employees and I've booked for context everyone within the range. Cool, Emily. Hopefully that helps answer the question there. So, let's get into that. Let's get into the messaging you're sending. So, I know you have examples for us today. Let's get into that so people can see exactly what you're doing. And as you as as you all know muffins, if you have questions, uh, ask them so we can get in the weeds. But now we're going to show the examples 
[15:55] off of these filters and then how do you actually send that messaging across the board. >> Okay, let me open this up Enrique. So this was through again one of the filters he was following. Clue also had executive connections. And the key when you're doing this is again have like some form of relevance. Like you need to 
[16:25] find something when you're reaching out that is going to peique their interest and also make it look like it's not AI. So hey Enrique know you saw Clue back at Vond and it was on the wish list. He' done a demo before. I found this through looking through the CRM the closed loss notes and he said I said no Harvey raised another 160 mil crazy but maybe there's some budget here um closed loss reason was no budget and they were 
[16:56] shrinking nice to be on the side of growth I bet congrats curious what the focus will be coming in and then told me what the focus is just kind of continued through the conversation here trying to approach it with a lot of curiosity and then got a booking out of it and became an op. >> I want to I want to move back up. So again, as people have questions around this, feel free to chime in. Uh I I want to highlight something for everybody 
[17:26] because and I think in this messaging we'll see more of this and this is what we're seeing from everybody else and all the workshops that I'm doing with sales teams is not directly asking for the meeting and but more so just seeing like what what are they up to, right? Just to start the conversation. I think that's the biggest thing right now that I'm seeing is like everyone is having everyone just like needs to have like a mindset perspective shift on yes your goal is to book the meeting but like the 
[17:56] focus is how do we focus on like starting a conversation with someone. I don't know if anyone else in here that's listening in is starting to feel the same way. I think it's just different than maybe precoid where I was like you could go like hey this is it book for 30 means in 30 minutes people were cool with it um more so I think but now people are like I don't even want to do that so I think by doing like hey what's your focus what's going on what's happening I mean there's different ways to ask these questions obviously from a language perspective 
[18:27] but I do think it's important to think about how do I start a conversation versus like how do I go immediately book a meeting off rip because that may not occur Right. So, I think that's like a really big piece there. Curious if anyone has any commentary on Sierra's messaging, but I think that this is the way that we all should be thinking about it. Like, how do we like start the conversation versus like I have to immediately book this meeting, per se. >> Yeah. And I don't ask for the meeting pretty much ever in any of the messages. 
[18:57] Um, people want to have a conversation and maybe book a meeting with you, but yeah, ease them into it. So, a question, two questions on this. So, you have you sent this at like 11:40 in the morning. Like, is this the normal time that you that you're sending these? Like, are you finding another time that's like better to send the messages here? >> I send them whenever I have time or whenever I'm working on it. I don't think it makes sense to set time aside 
[19:28] in your day to do it at a specific time. The only thing I would say is if I'm not getting responses, I do all of my followup on Friday afternoon because I find a lot of the time people are more active then on LinkedIn and they're just checking it going into the weekend maybe looking at stuff. Um but yeah, for like an initial message just whenever >> they're also more happy. >> Yeah, I mean everyone is that like Friday afternoon booking is the sweet spot. 
[19:58] >> It is. Yeah. every people are actually buzzing, so like they're willing to like engage, have a conversation, you know, whatever that may be. Uh, so that's really important. And, uh, another thing that I wanted to drill into as well, Kyle, you mentioned it. Uh, Ryan, she does do uh, videos and voicemails. We're actually about to get into that. So, that's um, that's something we're going to dive into. And keep the questions coming here. I want to talk about with you, Sierra. Um, when you're thinking about this 
[20:29] messaging and you've obviously written a couple of these and this is the way you're going about it, you're not inherently asking for the meeting per se, like what do you think is like how do you how do you avoid being AI? Because like I think a lot of people are like >> I want to avoid being AI, but how exactly do you do that when when people like think everything is AI? Like and I'm curious for everybody in the chat like >> how do you how do you determine something is AI? Like that's a question 
[21:00] for the chat. I'm just actually curious like everyone's like, "Oh, this looks like AI." But like what do you how are you looking at that? Is it like a certain word? Is it like how you feel? Like is there certain things that you see and you're like I know this is AI. Like I just I'm asking everybody in the chat if you could participate because I'm actually just very curious like how do you determine something is AI versus not? And so Sierra, how do you like go about that process? Because I think it's very important for people to hear that. Like are you just like I'm just I 
[21:30] blindfold myself and I type or like are you like typing like you're texting? Like I I want to know because like I think people are like this is too AI and I'm like but what does that even mean and like how do you not do that? So anyways, you share away >> I pretend I'm dyslexic. Um I like to sometimes add in >> like how do you do that? >> Yeah. No, I like to sometimes add in like a spelling mistake or you know like for example in this one like I have the crazy in brackets. AI is probably not 
[22:00] going to write that. Um or I use a lot of dot dot dots. Um, I didn't use that in this one, which is honestly a little bit surprising for me, but dot dot dots are not something that AI is using. So, that's a good way to break it up as well. Yeah, I've been using a lot of dot dot dots. I've been thinking about abbreviations um as well. So, actually, okay, so everyone is saying here like the the dashes for sure like I think that's the dead giveaway. Uh, grammar, 
[22:31] syntax, someone says to polish, etc. So then here it becomes the question, right? Should you just misspell everything? Like is that the way to go? Should I just be like, I'm just going to misspell every word? Like is that does that become too tacky then? Like I'm just trying to understand like where are we at? Like if it's too polished, you lose. But at the same time, if it's too tacky, you're going to be like this person isn't legitimate. >> So then I it's I it's really taste I think what it comes down to the end of the day is kind of what I'm getting at. 
[23:02] It sounds like for you as well. Like it's little things that show that you're human, but like you can't go overboard and be like, I'm gonna misspell every word so they know it's not AI, too. >> Yeah. I feel like you can get like a general kind of vibe on whether it's feeling AI or not. Um, also I'm using a lot of like really specific information, which I feel like at least right now AI can't pull that in. Um, so they're like, "Oh, she did some research. Like she figured this out." Um, it's not something that like chat GBT made or cla 
[23:35] >> All right, so I think we're good here. Let's go to the next message. >> Okay, so this I'm going to share some background on it. So something I will always advocate for is like comment be active in what their world is on LinkedIn. So for here, this is actually my colleague, but he was like, "AI screeners are killing cold calling." And 
[24:05] he was like, "I have an idea for a parallel dialer. Could you pre-record a reason for reaching out that plays when an AI screener picks up?" So, we actually didn't get a response and then um I was like, "You know what? I'm going to tag um a different parallel dialer and another one." And then this guy actually responded, John. So I like responded to him just like having a conversation on his product. He's the 
[24:36] chief growth officer. And then from there I was like perfect, he's responded to me. Let me now send him a message on LinkedIn and tell him thank you for responding to my comment. So, I was like, "Hey, John, appreciate you replying to my comment the other day. I know ORM also used to be a customer of ours up until last year when your competitive hire was lost. Curious if you feel you and your AES 
[25:06] have all the competitive information that you need to differentiate and try and win the market. Um, and then got a response there and a meeting after a little bit of follow-up. So, as as we do these plays, y'all let us know. If you're loving the plays, want deeper examples, let us know in the chat. We want the feedback. I I will I want to talk about this one, too. So, I already know some people are going to be like, "Wait, hold on. Like, my buyers don't post on LinkedIn, so like this is impossible." So, I understand that 100%. 
[25:36] And when when I go in with organizations, they're people that sell into, you know, they might sell to plumbers, right? They I've done one where they sell forklifts. So like they're not they're not like on LinkedIn, right? But but how do you still use the components of what we're talking about? You're essentially just doing social listening. So in this example, she just found something that John was doing, was able to engage in comment that led into this conversation. Made it easier, but there still is news and articles and industry things that are happening within your marketplace 
[26:07] that you can use as leverage to have conversations. The goal is just to listen to find something so we can start a conversation, right? So, as Lillian is talking about, it's how do we pay attention to where they are commenting? That is the next layer to this. Some of your buyers might not post at all. There's only 1 to 3% of people post on LinkedIn, but they are somewhere lurking and commenting somewhere. It could be on on Reddit. Best of luck for your sanity if you go on there, but they could be on there, right? But it it doesn't really matter. We're just looking at where are they commenting, where are they 
[26:37] engaging, where are they at, and then how can we use that information to then reach out to them. This is just a LinkedIn example, but this can be across the board, right, as well. So, I just want everybody to take that as context beyond just LinkedIn because you may be wondering, well, they're not here. Well, they're somewhere, I'll tell you that. So, we just got to go find where they're at. How do we use that information to start the conversation? And then again, I want to point to what Sierra did. Did not go for a meeting. She started with a conversation. And I and I really am we're kind of hammering this point home 
[27:08] is that she didn't say, "Oh, what's up? Saw this thing. let's talk. It's I'm gonna ask you a question based on what I know and like now let's start the dialogue. So, I just wanted to add to that. >> Yeah, for sure. Definitely the no meeting ask like he asked me. They already know what you want, so you don't need to outright say it. >> Cool. All right. Anybody have any questions on this or we'll just go to the next one? We'll keep we'll keep the examples going. >> Okay, next one. Let's do Kevin Bingo. 
[27:47] Classic LinkedIn. Here we go. >> Yeah. So slow to load. >> Weaken. Okay. Little bit little bit longer one here. >> A longer one definitely. Um this I had more context to bring that's why it's longer. Um and again kind of reaching out with something topical top of mind for them or something interesting at the beginning. Um, so Eagle Scout I actually got if I scroll way down to I think like the bottom of his profile or 
[28:20] somewhere in here, he was an Eagle Scout I found. Um, and then that's like basically Boy Scout, but it's you're like the 1% of Eagle Scout. Um, or sorry, Boy Scouts, and then that's what the award is. So like super specific. So I wanted something on him. I couldn't find anything. So that's what I used and then I was like wish my parents put me something similar. Um I'd actually had conversations with his colleagues. So I 
[28:51] dropped this in said heard the compete program is going well. Um this is one of our competitors Crayon. So I was like oh yeah Crayon and letter AI is a nice combo. Um and then I put in the differentiator here. Well letter AI centralized is insights. Well, the competitive tips reps receive still tend to be reactive and Crane doesn't tie to real buying criterion live deals. Um, no, you wouldn't switch over in the meantime. They just renewed 3 weeks ago, 
[29:21] but we've been cooking up a lot and would love to show you what's new since you saw us. Um, and then yeah, he gave me some context, spoke with him a little bit, and he actually added his full team and he's the director. >> Oh, we love him. We love when the full team shows up. Okay, so let couple questions here that are coming in. So the first one is from Rocky. I'm curious on your stance on this. So the question is for the LinkedIn custom messaging, is it by hand or are do you have a prompt 
[29:51] that you're using to build these? >> I write them all myself. I feel like if I use a prompt, um it gets it adds like a lot of filler for me. Um it doesn't sound as human. So, I prefer to just write them. If I'm like really struggling with a piece of it and maybe how I want to word it, then I might plug it into an LLM. But for the most part, I think these are pretty straightforward. So, I just write them myself. >> Cool. Uh, then we got a question on what if they don't respond 
[30:23] >> to the initial message? What are you doing to follow up? >> If they don't respond, um, sending GIFs and or GIFs and I love them. I these are my go-tos. So, Sad Baby, that's the best working one. I think the Sad Baby. >> What's the response rate on the Sad Baby? >> It's the highest. Like, we've probably had like eight bookings from Sad Baby alone. 
[30:53] >> I had a booking from Dancing Monkey. This one got me a booking. So, I don't know. Kind of look at the profile of the person. What do I think will land with them? Surprisingly, what has not worked is sad Batman. I've had zero bookings from Batman in the Rain. >> Why? I FEEL LIKE THAT ONE WOULD COOK. >> I know. That's what I would think. But 
[31:24] yeah, THAT ONE. >> WHAT'S THAT? BATMAN'S getting no love. It's probably the Ben Affleck Batman. That's probably why it probably That's it. >> That's probably what it is. It's not the Christian Bale one. That's probably what happened. >> Yeah. >> What in the world? Okay. Um I wanna Okay. There's a couple things that are coming up. So, I want to comment on what Billy said. My boy Billy in the chat. Shout out to you, man. 
[31:54] It's I think you have to do both. This is this is my take on this and I want everyone to not immediately think about how do you how do you automate something? You first need to get a response by hand and I know nobody wants to hear that because that requires work. Yet AI is a mirror. So if you don't have good examples of responses then it just it'll just give you things that don't haven't got responses yet. So, what Billy said in the chat, 100%. 
[32:25] This is going to sound aggressive, but I tell people don't even consider automating something until like you've gotten a hundred manual responses. That sounds aggressive, but I don't think you should even think about it until you've gotten a 100 manual responses. That shows that you have a competencies level of responses to then run the models. Like, I talk about cloud a lot, but I have like over 10,000 responses across like 10 years. So, I have a good understanding of what works and Sierra's same. So, she could run that, but like I wouldn't even think about it until like you've done it by 
[32:56] hand because people are just going to be able to sniff you out if it's only AI. That's my take on that one. And then we have another question is my target client is senior executives. Not sure how they respond. Thoughts in terms of the gif and gifs. Yeah, I mean I've had them respond a book as senior executives. Um I think it depends on the person. I think some of them are very business people and they want, you know, like 
[33:27] punctuality, all of that. So I think you just have to kind of judge it by the person, but I've had, you know, chief growth officers book from that sort of approach. So I wouldn't really knock it till you try it. But definitely kind of judge the person and their profile. Yeah, I think it's y'all probably heard this before, like we're selling to people. They're not like aliens. So, I just think that it just depends on It also depends on how you go about it, right? If you wrote a really good message 
[33:58] and then you followed up with something funny, you're good. But if you wrote like a terrible message, right, and then you follow the gip, that that may lead into like negative behavior to be fair. So, I think you have to have a really good standout across the board. Um, and yeah, I see the the AI Let's Let's get into the videos. Actually, >> Sarah, let's get there. Uh, because people are talking about the AI avatars. I I think this is not the best of moves. Also, we're 30 minutes in everybody right now. So, let us know if you're finding this impactful and helpful. 
[34:28] Again, our goal is to give you like real information like in the weeds. Like you see, we're literally in the inbox right now. Like that's what we do over here. you know, we got the got the air horns going on, right? Like it's lit. So, let us know if you are enjoying this this information so far. Um because obviously we'll we'll keep it going, but we want to hear your feedback. But with that being said, now let's play the video. Let's see if we can hear the sound as well on this video. Uh so we'll we'll test that out here in a minute. But yeah, let's play it out. >> Okay. Hey Robin, how's the deep dish 
[34:59] pizza over there in Chicago? I'm in Vancouver, but it's not quite the same over here as it is there. But reason for my video is I've been speaking with a few folks on your team and I know you don't really have an internal process for competitive intelligence and you're in a super competitive space and I know reps are constantly coming to sales enablement asking for deal specific tips and I'm just curious if this is coming up for you and if you're looking for a bit of a more automated process give 
[35:31] those reps those deal specific tips and if that would be worth conversation. Yeah, >> cool. All right, so let's as you all hear that video, give us your feedback on that video. What stood out to you? What was important? I will tell you all certain things that made this video work because there's certain components to it that are like psychologically happening. But for everybody listening in, let us know what your feedback is in the chat and what you thought. And but Sierra, what is your structure or thought process when 
[36:01] you create videos like this? Yeah, this is straight from you from your August webinar, but first of all, come up with something specific to them to start the conversation. So, I think your recommendation had been like find something about uh where they live. So, there's like simple things you can come up with. Like Chicago, the one I like always go to is deep dish pizza. San Fran. Um I always talk about the clam chowder sourdough bread bowls. So 
[36:31] something maybe specific to their location. It's a little bit easier to repeat, but obviously if there's something more specific on their profile, kind of include that and then come with some sort of pain or observation where you can give something to like probe their thoughts, like make them think about something, not necessarily a pitch. and then try and ask to have a conversation or get what your thoughts are on this or curious if you're seeing this show up, something like that at the 
[37:02] end. Yeah, I think I think that's the biggest thing is that like um when you're starting out the video, it's really important to be like, what can I say in the first 5 seconds to your point about the city or about where you know something you saw them post or whatever may be. I think that's like really important and making it as relevant as possible. I've noticed when I do that like it's different. I think also you were outside 
[37:33] so I think that broke it up a little bit and you were moving and things of that nature. I think that adds an element to it. And I know some people are like against the videos and against the voice notes and they and they hate them and all that stuff, whatever. But I think you're going to have a better ch you're going to have a overall better chance if you're doing it this way than just like I'm just going to automate 10,000 messages and then you know whatever that that's like my take on that perspective there. Now, Billy asks, "How many attempts did you do?" Uh, for I'm assuming for this exact video, how many 
[38:03] attempts did you do? >> Say probably one or two. Most of them that I do, there's not a lot of attempts unless there's a lot of context that I'm bringing from like conversations I've had over the phones with other people. Um, also I feel like the more you do it, the easier it gets, but it's definitely something you just kind of get comfortable with. And I'm also just the type of person where usually the first time I do something, it's going to be the best take. So, usually that 
[38:35] >> I think a big thing to this as well is I don't think that you should try to do a video over like three times. Like I think you have up to three times for a retake. And at that point, once you go over three, you start overthinking it. And then you do like 20 retakes. And then it's like it's not it's not as deep as you're making it out to be. Like, you know, you're not creating a movie. You're not like you're not submitting like a TV show, right? But it's literally just the fact of doing it 
[39:06] right. And and and taking those action steps is the key. >> Yeah. And it's pretty much never going to be perfect. So just be comfortable with that. And I think that also makes it better too. Um, okay. So, we have some other questions in here. How many times did you reach out to typically get a meeting? Um, is it primarily text and the video? Are you offering any valuable and real information? I guess I guess the question is how many messages do you send per person? That's 
[39:37] essentially is what the question is here. >> Yeah, per person it depends. Like if I'm not getting a response, I would say I'm doing two to three follow-ups. Not usually more than that, unless maybe it's four months later, um 6 months later, and I have more contact and I'm starting to follow up again. But yeah, I would say follow up two to three times. So in total, you're sending like maybe four messages, but usually I would say I'm only doing like one followup at least currently, 
[40:10] >> I would say. Okay. And then we can go to the last example here, Sarah, that you have. Um, as I answered this question from Rocky, the the number one thing that you want to focus on is if you have Sales Navigator to see who's posted in the last 30 days. So, it's more so who's active on the LinkedIn platform more than anything. So, it doesn't really matter who you sell to. It could be a CISO, it could be an IT director, it could whatever it is, it doesn't matter. We first thing we want to look at is inside of sales navigator there's 
[40:40] something called posted in the last 30 days. You want to click that and that will show you who's active. So like that's typically number one thing that you want to focus on uh through the program that we have which is called sales team 6 and where we go in with the SCR teams and we're working with them as part of the core offer that we have at the business. I've seen people that will reach out to CISOs and get responses via video. I've seen people that are 60 that 
[41:11] have replied back to me with a video. I've seen people in uh London get responses from video. I've seen people in Australia get responses from video. I've seen people in HR leaders get responses from video. I could keep going on. My whole entire point in the 50,000 people I've coached and trained is that it's not about like will the persona or person reply. It's just about being consistent in doing it because someone will reply at some point if you 
[41:41] do it. If you do I'll tell you this, if you did a 100 videos, you're going to get a meeting out of that. I'd be shocked if you did it. It'd be irrefutable like for you not to get a meeting out of a hundred videos. someone would respond and then we would just be like, "All right, cool. Whatever I did there, I need to do it again for those other people." Now, there's always obviously nuances within regions, but that's the way you have to think about it in my opinion. >> Yeah, 100%. And it works honestly if you're reaching 
[42:11] out to the right people, especially if you're like finding people in like closed loss deals or people that have used the platform before even like you could filter down by your top customers that are case studies. Have they worked at that company and are they a new one? Like you're definitely going to get a response. >> Perfect. Okay, so now let's go to the last example you have and then if y'all have questions, we're going to we're going to wrap up a lot of questions, but again, we're just getting to all the 
[42:41] examples that you all asked for here. Uh, this actually is a good question. So, when you think about sequencing, share with all these people, are you only using LinkedIn and how are you using cold call with it >> or not at all? Yeah, I'm cold calling with all of them. And actually, this is a really great example because of that, but I actually hadn't removed her from my sequence and then she picked up a phone and then I 
[43:12] ended up booking her. But I use it in tangent. So, everyone that I'm connecting with or sorry, everyone that I'm sequencing is going also to get a connection request. So, um, like if I were to like literally just pull up, um, like a company for example, what I'm doing is for all of these people, we use exportly. So, 
[43:44] I would select all of them. These are all going into my cold call sequence. And then I'm going to connect with them. And if I like this persona, I'm saving them and I'm adding them also to my list as I go through. And then I have my notes list up and then I might add a note um if they're really hot. But I will also kind of segment them by like, okay, I've looked at their profile. I think they're really hot to reach out to as well. So that kind of helps with knowing who to reach out to. 
[44:16] >> Perfect. I want to Oh, first of all, before we move forward, does anyone have any questions of what Sierra just walked through? Was it clear? Yes or no? Let me know in the chat. We want to make sure y'all are good. Like, oh, like I don't know what's going on. So, like, no, we want to make sure people are good. Was that clear? Is everybody set? I want to make sure everybody's Gucci. Um, step by step. Yeah, we can we can kind of talk about what that is here in a minute. Um, I think I think the like I have a step by step. I have something I share in a minute, but Sar, you probably 
[44:47] have yours as well. So, but let's go to the actual example and then and then we'll talk about we'll talk about the step by step here in a minute. >> Okay. Hey Krist, I'm outside in the rain just to send you this video, but I know you took a demo with Peter a while back and at the time there are some challenges with Crayon with adoption and keeping content fresh and I wanted to reach back out because we've had our clari integration launch now. So we can actually automatically update battle 
[45:19] cards for you and as well give reps proactive deal specific tips. So we actually pull in the context from Clari and what the buyers actually care about. So it's really specific to the rep's deal. We also pull in like what talk tracks are working. I know our enablement person finds that to be quite time consuming. So I was curious if it might make sense to get on an updated demo. Let me know what you think. Bye. >> So we should go in the rain is what you're saying to me. 
[45:50] >> When it's raining we got to go create videos. Is this is this the level where we're at? >> It's like, "Oh, how do we not be AI? Let's go play in the rain." Like, this is literally where we're at. This is wild. >> Make them pity you and you're going to get the meeting. >> Rise. Rain or shine. She's on the grind. Yo, that might be that that be a shirt. That actually's kind of fire. Uh, all right y'all. What did y'all think about this video? Let us know uh in the comments what you're thinking. Sarah, what was the what was the thought 
[46:20] process of this video? Please share with me. >> Yeah, I was just like, you know what? If I'm like out in the rain, honestly, maybe she'll feel bad for me, but also I would see someone out in the rain in their umbrella and be like, what are they sending me? Like, what could this be about? And then probably at least click it. The goal is that they at least read it or they watch the video every time. How can they at least see like the thumbnail? That's something you always want to think about, actually. That's like a good call out, I guess. But yeah, 
[46:51] look at like what is showing up here and then also what is showing up for your video. >> Yeah, I think it's like what are ways that you can be magnetic? I think that's the I think that's the biggest thing right now. Like >> that's going to draw people in and it'll get people to be like, "Wait, what's going on there?" There's obviously a level of inscalability with it, but I think that this is just where 
[47:21] we're at, right? Based on what everyone's what everybody's doing and and what's going on, right? So, that's the case there. I would say, okay, we got a question here. Question for everyone here. Okay, everybody can answer this question, but I'll say it out loud for everybody. What email do you show when people click on your contact info? So, I'm assuming they probably like uh like view view your profile or they view your emails. I'm assuming that's what that means there. 
[47:52] >> Um like just the email. >> Yeah. Like I guess if you send I guess what I guess what she's saying I car clarify is like if someone sends you an email or you send someone an email and then um uh like they open the email or they it shows that they open. Are you like directly calling that out like oh you open the email five times. Why aren't you talking to me? Something like that. >> Honestly, never. I'm never doing that because if they wanted to respond to you, they probably would have. I think you need to go in maybe more with a 
[48:23] different signal or like kind of think of it from the perspective of like, okay, they've opened your email five times. Can I like add value or peique their interest more? because they they always know that you want um a meeting, but try and peique their interest more or um yeah, usually there I would try and provide value and that's more of like a drip for me. >> Got it. Okay. I think she Okay, I agree with that 100%. She was asking a different question. I think she's asking 
[48:53] what are what are people's contact information on their LinkedIn? I think most people uh it used to be everyone's work email, but then people realized that they had their work email and then now they put their Gmail or nothing. But like early early LinkedIn days, you had you had to put your work email because it was a professional network. So they wanted everyone to have their email. So like 2016 to 2018 was a fantastic time not to be prehistoric, but it was because people had like you had to put your professional email and so you could literally just rip people's emails and just email them, 
[49:23] which I used to do, but you can't do that anymore cuz times have changed. Um, >> cool. Sierra, anything that you want to add? I think some one person asked for the persona walkth through again if you could do that again in sales nav but those were the main examples. My hope for you all is that >> if you've been to if you've been to these muffins and Morgans and you've seen these previous ones we've had >> Ryan on we've had TO on now Sierra you see the theme. The theme is is that if you're looking for the engagement that you want, 
[49:54] you're going to have to do things that are a little bit unscalable to then find out what's truly working. And then sure, you can scale it from there and build a system, but you have to do things a little bit unorthodox right now to stand out. And that is going to require different layers of how you go about that. But I just wanted to kind of double click on that as well. But let's go back into I think they wanted the persona walkthrough. I think that you just did. Yeah. Uh saving the personas. So you can show that again and then we'll answer some lasting questions as 
[50:24] well. >> Mhm. Yeah. So for in here, um like this would just be kind of like the sequencing piece, I guess, but you could add in like all of the different personas under their title. Um, what I usually do is I have like saved searches, so I already have all of my personas and who I don't want included showing up in these lists here. So, I can filter down really in depth 
[50:56] and still kind of the same method. Like you can still add in your account list or you can type in manually your different companies and then still filter down by like who's following your company um who's viewed your profile, who's been posting on LinkedIn. >> Uh someone asked how do you how do you do not included? I think it's like um there's like an exclusion button next to the thing. >> Yeah, you just click on it like that. >> Yep. 
[51:26] >> And that excludes it. Cool. All right. Hopefully y'all again there's a lot of information here for yall to go execute on. You should be able to walk out here and get some meetings. I want to answer one question that I saw on and then we'll talk about the step by step. Uh but I want to answer this question around the trade show. So uh Jason when it comes to clients ever using video. So, I did a sales team six workshop at the beginning of March and we were going over the 
[51:58] event strategy for the SDR team and the AE team and I was going through what do you need to do at events to stand out. So, for context when I say this number, this is not made up. This is this is a true statement. I got the receipts somewhere. So, when I was in SDR at a company called Terminus, I booked 50 meetings at one of it. And some of you are like, "Is that possible?" It is because most people are lazy. I'm just going to be honest. Like, most 
[52:28] people are lazy. So, how do you stand out in events? Is that you literally just have to be active. Most y'all y'all seen this? You go to a event. I don't even know why people are spending money on boost to be honest with you, but it's a little bit of a rant. But like most people at Boost, they just stand around like they're abromy models. Like they're not moving. They're not doing anything. It's like what's going on? So how you stand out? What I told them is number one 
[53:00] is that it's not a video actually, but anybody you meet at a trade show, you need to get a picture with them. Now, not in a creepy way, but everybody you get meet with that you're going to follow up with or whatever, get a picture with them because when you follow up, again, going back to what I talked about being magnetic, human, etc. They're going to be like, "Oh, I met this person. They're not going to think it's AI cuz there's going to be a photo of of you two with a photo." Now, the way I go about that is I just say, "Hey, reason I'm taking the photo is when I 
[53:30] follow up, I just don't want to be an annoying person and I want you I want to make sure that you remember our conversation because like they're going to give follow-ups and it's going to be AI related, right?" And then on the video side, yes, we would use videos to invite people to the booth. So, that's the way we would do it as well. So, when it comes to getting people at events, taking pictures with them, not in a creepy way obviously, and then videos to the booth or even pre-event videos to them as well, um, so that they could, 
[54:01] you know, obviously at the end of the day, get to the booth. So, that's my take on the trade show. If you guys have any follow questions on the trade show, feel free to ask. But, I promise you, if you just do what I said, like you're going to book more meetings than everybody else cuz like nobody does that. People have conversations, they have a book of cards, they send an automated generated follow-up, they say, "Oh, great meeting you at the event when they never met." Like, like those things don't happen, right? So, that's just something I would say on that. In terms of the last 6 minutes, if you have any rapid questions, throw them in the chat, 
[54:32] throw them in the Q&A. Uh, in terms of step by step, Sierra, like, so just give us like a visual of how you do this and how you incorporate LinkedIn's obviously your main driver on how you've booked your meetings. I think you made a post. You said you were at 200% of quota. 300. Where were we at? Like something crazy. >> I Yeah. 300% outbound quota for March. >> I don't I don't know what else to tell you. Like the advice that we're giving here. This is what's happening for people, right? And so walk us through the step by step from email, LinkedIn, and phone and like how does that work 
[55:02] for you so that we can wrap up on that. >> Yeah. Um it would start off by obviously picking good accounts. I'm going to build them in my list in the CRM and then export it into SalesNav. So then you just have the list. Um it's pretty easy to do. You just need to make sure that you have the company URL. You export it, you upload it. Um I can actually show really quick in here. So you can add in your or upload the 
[55:34] account list right here. So pretty simple. All you're going to do is upload that file in here with the URL um attached to all of the accounts. That's like the different section you would need in the CRM. But then when you actually go through the filtering in here, then you can select the account list here. So I would have like all of my different accounts here if I remove 
[56:05] this one. Um but yeah, kind of going through here. I'm going to add everyone into my call sequence and I'm going to connect with literally every single person I want to connect with who u would be relevant for me to reach out to. Volume is what's going to win and then also saving them to the different lists. And then from there, I'm just calling people. I'm adding notes as I go as I get information on all of the different accounts because I can use that in my LinkedIn outreach if I do 
[56:35] choose to do cold emails. I can also include that within there as well. Um, and then yeah, as people go through and accept my connection requests, then I'm sending out the LinkedIn messages. Um, something as well, which I just started doing, which is, I think, kind of cool. I haven't heard anyone doing it, is if you get a pain on a cold call and you're using a call recorder, you can snip it and then send that within your outreach. like, hey, especially to executives, 
[57:06] hey, your colleague mentioned this pain. We actually solved that and then just kind of leave it at that. >> Fire, y'all. I don't I don't know what else to say. We We brought someone on today. 300% of quota. You don't you don't meet many people who are hitting that level of quota. Like, that's it just doesn't happen. So, shout out to you Sarah for doing that, coming on, sharing your best practices with us. Uh, we have three minutes left. So, again, if you have a question that's really 
[57:37] quick or we missed the question cuz sometimes that can happen, throw it in the chat or the Q&A now and we will answer it. But Sierra, where can people find you if they want more gifts or gifs, I guess, that are not Batman or just want more advice? >> Yeah, for sure. Let me drop my LinkedIn in the chat, but I will I'm not out of connect um for the week so I can actually connect with everyone. Um but yeah, hit me up. Happy to answer literally any questions or if you want 
[58:07] to like have me walk you through something, I'm happy to help out. >> So, okay, one thing I want to This is actually a fantastic question from Paul. Uh how quickly do you send follow-ups? >> Yeah. Honestly, it's kind of when I feel like it. Um, it's hard to be consistent with everything. And if you send a really good message, there's a good chance that they're going to respond. They might 
[58:37] not, but I have an idea of who I'm prioritizing within my messages. So, those people I'm going to be keeping tabs on. But, I would say like give them definitely a few days. You can also something you might need to turn on is you can see if they viewed your message and that's really important. If they viewed it then you want to be following up. If they haven't viewed it um they might have it off but I would say you want to give it probably at least a 
[59:07] week. >> Uh is there is there a way you can show us what that looks like? It maybe I mean it's kind of impromptu but if there you can because people might be like wait how do I know that? Uh also as well I want to come back to it. I dropped it in the chat. People are like, "I need the step-by-step sequence and things of that nature." I literally dropped in the comments the step by step of exactly what we show people inside of the sales team 6 program. So, if you're like, "Hey, I don't I don't know where to go or where to start," I would start with the Spider-Man. I 
[59:37] call it the Spider-Man cadence. You can you can start with the Spider-Man cadence. Uh I would tell you though that just emulate that structure but also it will change over time because buyers are different based on how you approach them. You know for example there's one client that we worked with and they target people that are facilities managers. So they're on site all the time. They're not really as active on LinkedIn and they respond better to cold calls. So guess what? That Spider-Man cadence looks dramatically different 
[60:07] because they have to make those call calls to those people. So, anytime when I work with clients, I always look at who are the buyers that they're targeting. I use the same flow, but the touch points will be different. And that's where again, you have to connect the dots. And sorry for turning that on. I actually don't know where it is. I did this months and months and months ago. Um, but it will be in your settings somewhere. Um, oh, Cody, to answer your question on 
[60:37] the Spider-Man structure, so the reason that it's overly persistent in the first five days is because 80% of your touch points will you will get or 80% of campaigns you get responses in the first five touches. So, you need to be like pretty much like I'm here in your first five touches because that's what's going to happen. And then you'll notice over time they're spread out across two to three days. You really shouldn't have your campaign longer than 20 to 22 business days to be honest with you because you need to move on to other people. So that's the reason why it's super tight in the beginning. You're 
[61:08] going to see the most responses in the first 5 days. The goal is for you not to really do more touches than after day 10. But your first five you kind of got to be like but they're on different channels so they don't feel um overwhelming is the goal there. Anything you want to leave us with, Sierra, before we go? >> Get out there, just try it out, test what works, play around with it, have fun with it, too. Um, I'm having a lot 
[61:40] of fun making like Slack emojis in Gemini for people. Um, but yeah, just go out there. As long as you're sending messages, you're going to get responses and you're going to get meetings. >> All right, y'all. So, we're out of here. Uh, thank you so much for attending Muffers of Morgan. If it's your first time, my hope is that you come back and you enjoyed it. Uh, if you've been here before, thanks for continuously rocking with us. Goal is to do this Friday. Next Friday, we'll be off cuz I will I will be out of town. But the following week, we'll be coming back and we're going to 
[62:10] be talking about some some even more strategies on around referrals and things of that nature that we're going to be touching into. So, it'll be fun and excited to see y'all in the next one. And y'all have a blessed one.
