---
channel: morgan-ingram
video_id: 3xGhDAWgTAA
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xGhDAWgTAA
title: "Pipeline Power Hour: Office Hours with Nat and Morgan J Ingram"
published: 2026-04-17
fetched: 2026-04-17
---

# Transcript

[00:02] Okay, welcome everybody to the Python hour with Natalie and I and I'm excited to do this because this is a different type of format. Uh, and we're doing this for the first time. So, everyone that's showing up uh just to give you context. There is not going to be any slides at all. Uh, we're just going to have a real conversation about what's going on and we're going to we want to hear from you. Uh but before we do that, would love to hear where is everybody tuning in from. So if you see on the bottom right it says to change it to everybody so we can 
[00:33] just see what's going on. Uh tell us where you're tuning in from. Tell me where you're at. We'll give a couple minutes here as people are logging in coming from the next meeting um as I get into it. But let's also hear as well like how you doing man? >> Doing good. Uh getting married in 10 days. So >> okay. >> Um yeah and I just closed out um the quarter starting Q. It's RQ2 because we're on a uh July fiscal because Microsoft. But uh yeah, man. I'm just I'm just living one day at a time at this point. It's all I can do. But I'm 
[01:04] feeling good. I'm very grateful. >> That's good. >> How about How about you? >> I'm feeling I'm feeling really good. I just was in Amsterdam and I don't know, maybe some of y'all in here saw my post. I won the paddle tournament, so I'm on a whole I'm on a whole another high right now. >> Wait, wait. So that's different from pickle ball. >> In what way specifically? >> Uh, so it's like raetball and tennis combined. It's really big. I know some 
[01:34] people might be really big international. It's not big in the States yet. >> Yeah. You know who I see post about that all the time is Andrew Schultz, the comedian. He loves He loves It's like the the glass the glass uh Yes. Yep. Gotcha, >> dude. It's actually so much fun. And so yeah, I just because I played pickle ball, the skills were transferable to paddle and then I played and I was like, "This is incredible." >> Yeah. I feel like I can just tell and we'll get we'll get we'll start getting into the content, but I I just want to 
[02:05] acknowledge I feel like I can just tell through your content like you're you're like back to what you want to be posting. You you're feeling good. I can just tell the energy shift. Um so I'm just excited for you, man. I feel the I feel the momentum. >> Thanks, man. I I really do appreciate that. It's It's tough creating content and just being out in public because like sometimes you're like, I don't I don't know what the momentum's at. It happens. But yeah, man. I'm feeling really good. So, I appreciate that acknowledgement. >> Of course. >> Uh it's called Paddle. So, P A D- L. Uh 
[02:39] I know again if you're international, you probably heard of it before, but yeah, they just opened up the first paddle club here in Arizona like a month ago. I started playing. I won this trophy. It's it's it's massive. It's like way too big, but I love it. I had to take it. I like brought it in my uh my baggage from Amsterdam to here and the security was like, "Dude, what are you doing?" I'm like, "I got to secure the bag, man. Can't lose this trophy." >> 100%, dude. Is it And is it uh isn't it is it padal in like Europe? 
[03:10] >> So, it's it's paddle in Europe, but we call it Padell here. >> Padell. Got it. Makes sense. >> I don't know. I I I I think I might start preferring it over I don't know yet. I have to play more to give you an assessment. I just won a tournament. So obviously I'm right now I prefer it because I just won. But no, it's it both are both are different and fun for different reasons. But we're not here to talk about that. We're here to talk about obviously pipeline. Uh before we do that, uh Anthony, if you want to introduce yourself. >> Yeah. >> Everybody here if they don't know who you are, I'll do my quick introduction. 
[03:41] We'll go over two tips and then we'll open up the floor for everybody. >> Yeah. Um, so good to good to meet everyone. Even though I can't see your faces, I appreciate you joining. Um, I am currently a senior account executive over at LinkedIn. I've been in sales a little bit over a decade now. I got my start in uh, mortgage sales. So, I was uh, cold calling from a desk phone. I didn't have any outreach sales loft tools. I was doing everything manually. Um, cold calling mortgage brokers. I did 
[04:11] that for about three years. I was living in San Francisco at the time. realized I wanted to get into SAS because all my friends were working at these cool tech companies in SF. So I made the transition to being an SDR um about three years out of college. Got promoted in nine months and then um I've been an AE ever since. I did have a short stint of uh leading a sales development team at a series A. I thought that was like what I wanted to do with my career as management managing SDRs outbound because I posted a lot of content on it and I quickly realized that uh wasn't 
[04:42] for me. And so I left there, joined LinkedIn and about to hit my two-year uh anniversary here. Um outside of work, I love running, hitting the gym, spending time with my dogs, um getting married like I said in a couple weeks and try to optimize my life for inner joy or inner inner peace and joy with the people that I love. So, I'm I'm a simple guy. Doesn't take a lot to make me happy these days. And yeah, excited to excited to be here with you today. >> Good stuff, man. Well, we appreciate that. Um, you already know my hobbies. 
[05:13] We just talked about them for like a couple minutes there. So, you already you already know what my hobbies are. Um, but if you're here for the first time, uh, these are the series that we run. We did we're doing a different one this time where we're keeping an open floor and really answering the questions you all have. I'm excited to be in this group. Uh, I have been an SDR or I was an SDR back in 2016. I've been an STR manager. I worked with John Barrows and did sales training and coaching and we still do that today. Uh, and I'm super excited about this conversation just to see where everyone's at in terms of our pipeline and digging into it. So, as we 
[05:44] do that y'all, how this is going to work. Again, people are going to ask me there is a recording because I know you're gonna ask it's recorded, so don't don't freak out. Also, as well, like this is predicated for you all. So, we're going to have 45 minutes here. We've allowed it to answer your questions because a and I were like, "Hey, there's a lot of stuff on LinkedIn." But there's there's there's answers and questions that cannot be addressed just on a feed, it can be addressed here. So, if you have a question around top ofunnel pipeline, you're struggling with something, whatever it may be, drop it in the chat 
[06:15] because that's what we're going to use for this conversation today. But to get the conversation started, we both want to share one tip we've seen to be very successful um in our work. And so I want to start with you and here and say, you know, what have you seen as a seller that's been successful for you as of late that you want to share with the audience? And again, for everybody tuning in, if you have a question, now is the time to drop it in because because we're going to answer those directly and get deep with y'all. >> Yeah. Um, so I want to preface too by, you know, I acknowledge there's a ton of 
[06:45] sales content on LinkedIn and it could be very overwhelming. like people are saying, you know, this is dead, that is dead, or this is not dead. This is my email template that you should use. Um, and I just want to preface that. Um, we all work in diff and sell to different personas and and different industries. And you know what I admire about Morgan and and people that I actually follow on LinkedIn is we we we tend to talk about systems and frameworks instead of like silver bullets of like this is exactly what you should say on a cold call or 
[07:15] this is exactly what you should say on a LinkedIn DM or this is exactly what you should say over email. Instead of doing that, take the approach of use these tips as frameworks, iterate and AB test for what works for you. That's like my big tip when you're thinking about advice from anyone is make sure you recognize what works for you based on your own data and top performers at your company first. Now, with that said, what works for me as a seller is having a framework for prospecting specifically because if I don't have a system and framework I can follow every day, I'm 
[07:46] just not going to do it because it's so easy to push it off to the next day. So, I have a really simple system that I follow. Um, and again, this may look different for you depending on what segment you're in and what role you're in. So, I call it the five by five. So, I every day I look at what are the five accounts that I want to target and who are the five people within that account that I want to go after. And so, I basically create myself a Google a Google sheet and I'll literally write in 
[08:17] the five accounts that I want to target. Then I'll go to SalesNav and I'll figure out who are the five people that I want to uh reach out to at that company. Once I've got those 25 people, and again, if I have a super busy week, that may be five accounts in a entire week. So for you, if you're an SDR, it may be 10 accounts per day. It may be three accounts per day if you're like an enterprise uh SDR, right? So make sure you know your sales math and use this as a a system and a framework that you can follow repeatedly every day. So going 
[08:47] back to the framework that I follow, once I've got my accounts, once once I got my people that I want to target, I need to have a some kind of point of view of why I'm reaching out to each of those accounts. And this is where you hear a lot about signals and intent. For me, I have my top five reasons I'm reaching out based on the problems that I know I could solve as LinkedIn. For you, you may be seeing, well, you need to have this signal, you need to have that signal. Figure out what are the top 
[09:17] five most compelling reasons that you should be using to reach out to your own prospects and then figure out where are the five places I need to go to find that information. Is it my CRM? Is it sales nav? Is it a job hiring post? And that's how you build quick, repeatable prospecting systems because you're not having to guess. I know these are the five things that I'm looking for at a company to make it a good reason I'm reaching out. whether it be email, phone, LinkedIn, and I know exactly 
[09:49] where I'm going to find those five reasons I'm reaching out every time I go to research a company. So, that's my number one tip is build a system for yourself that you can repeat every day so you're not opening your laptop guessing what you're going to do and where you're going to find that information because that just causes um analysis paralysis. >> I love that. Yeah, I think that's if you look at anything or anyone that's successful, they always have a system 
[10:19] and obviously the way you do that system may be different, but you need to have one. So, I think what you said there is spot on and everyone should follow that. I think that's absolutely key. My my advice is tapping more into the network that you have and maximizing and this is just because I recently was just doing this maximizing the opportunities that you have to travel or what you're being asked to do because I mean if everybody looked in their inbox right now there's probably a lot of things that are AI slop and 
[10:49] you're like what's going on here? So, I recommend people like really look at your network to see, hey, if I'm traveling to the city for an event or you have most of your customers, they live in New York, for example, you should probably be spending some time there, creating many local events or meeting these people in person. So, my advice that I haven't seen that's working for people, I'm not saying you need to go take a trip every week, but really plan out like, hey, for this quarter, can I like spend three days here to meet people in person to accelerate and deepen relationships? 
[11:19] because I actually think that will be a really key thing going into the future because as things get more AI, digitalized, all these different things, people are going to want to connect with individuals that actually at the end of the day they can feel connected to, right? And so that's going to be a really big point. So that's one thing I would add here as well is making sure that you're taking time to connect with people in the network and actually have those conversations with them. But Anthony, what did you drop there for people? Yeah. So, I know I kind of word vomited 
[11:49] a bit there and I wanted to give people like a a visual that they could look at for what I just said. Um, so that's basically the framework that I just mentioned in more detail um with uh some like actionable steps. Um, what I'll also say as a follow-up to what you mentioned is we are seeing a evolution of AI everything and it is really easy to get sucked into that as a seller because it makes it super easy for you. 
[12:20] However, whenever you're prospecting, you need to think about what is the end person that you're reaching out to seeing. And every single prospect right now is seeing AI generated this, AI generated that. And guess what? They are building mental spam filters in their mind. And they can immediately tell when something's written with AI. And so my second tip is do what is basically the opposite of what AI enables you to do. Do the unscalable things, right? Reach out to five people every day, but take 
[12:52] your time. like really understand their business and what is going to get them to respond, right? Um, send a send a personalized gift. I do think personalized gifts are back because it helps you break through the noise, but try to tie that back to like again the reason you're actually reaching out. And then the third thing is, you know, try to get, like Morgan said, in person. If you can go to events, if you can go do drops in your territory to your prospect's office, you'd be surprised. a lot of companies are getting back into um getting back into the office. So um I 
[13:24] remember when I was an SDR living in San Francisco, I had um SF as my territory in the Pacific Northwest. My AE and I literally walked the city of San Francisco and went to each of our prospects, our top prospects office and dropped off stuff and see if the person wasn't in um in the office. even if they're not there, you leave it at the front desk person and then you can email the next day, you know, hey, I sent this, etc. Um, or I brought this. >> The other thing I'll mention is put your face on the camera and your phone and 
[13:57] get that to Yeah. And Morgan, you could talk more about your strategy here, but like >> again, people are sending AI emails. Just the little fact that you went like this and recorded a a video specific for them, that alone will help you break through the noise. So, I think prospecting 2025, if you can break through the noise, you've done half the battle. You just have to have the basics down of like a good message. If you could break through the noise and show people that you're human, that will get you to the top of the inbox, to the top of whatever to get you um a response. 
[14:29] >> Yeah, I think it's like how many how many people in here have sent a video to a prospect or in a sales cycle? Just put a one in the chat. I want to see how people have actually done this. I know I talk about this a lot. It's probably a good amount of people probably in here have. Yeah. I think the thing is that like don't ask yourself the question on how to scale it. This is what I'm starting to tell people. Don't ask don't ask like how do I scale this? Like don't even think about that because we always think about pattern interrupts which is that's what everyone is thinking about how to 
[15:00] scale something. So so don't ask yourself that question. just like how can I be as genuine as possible and how do I connect with someone in a different and unique way? Well, it's sending a video that is just like just for them and they know that because if it's AI related, I think that's where people are like, "Wait, I thought this was for me and then it's not and then it ends up they end up getting upset, right? And then they they don't connect with you." So, that's what I would tell people to really drill in and focus on as well. So, we have some questions coming in. Uh if y'all have questions, put them in the 
[15:30] Q&A. This is where we're going to spend majority of our time. This has been a good conversation so far. So, we have a question from Jason here and he said, "What do you use for videos? Do you only do it via LinkedIn or in emails, too?" I'll answer it and then I'll have the ant see what he does in the actual sales cycle. So, for for me, what I tell people to do and also what I recommend to do, and this is what I do myself, is link sending videos to someone's DM on LinkedIn is going to get you a higher response rate than if it was on on email. And the main reason for 
[16:00] that is because there's 100% deliverability when you send someone a message on LinkedIn versus probably not 100% deliverability when you send someone an email. That that's just like the way it works. So when I look at LinkedIn, as long as I'm first degree connected to the person, I can send them that personalized video. I keep that around 35 to 45 seconds, nothing crazy. It shows that I'm different. I stand out. Most people don't get videos. Uh even as well like I talked to the VP of sales at sales solutions at LinkedIn and 
[16:31] she said she has gotten zero videos which is the most absurd thing of all time to me but like she hasn't gotten any. So imagine how many people have gotten zero. So I'm not saying it's going to guarantee silver bullet response every single time but it will get them to think differently about you when you start sending emails and calling them etc. They'll at least keep that top of mind. So when I when I talk about LinkedIn videos that's the case. I do email videos when I'm actually in the sales cycle itself because they've already replied to me. We're already in a conversation and I do like proposals 
[17:01] or follow videos, etc. to keep the deals moving. Those are my suggestions. And what you got? >> Yeah, I I agree. I think the way that I view like multi- channelannel and video being one of those channels is just another way for you to build awareness of the problem that you can help them solve based on the observation that you're making about their business. So again, these these channels need to be used in unison. So if I um send Morgan a really thoughtful problemcentric email 
[17:32] and I see him open it a bunch of times, I may send them a LinkedIn connection request um mentioning that email or you know using a blank connection whatever just to get accepted. And then what I can do in that video is again bump up that reason I'm reaching out and the problem that I know we can solve but it's more it's just in a human way. it's used to break through the noise. So, I I love that as a strategy and using it um in conjunction with the other channels because multi- channelannel doesn't mean just using multiple channels. It means 
[18:02] using channels together to work for you. Um so, again, if someone opens your email four times, you probably want to call them like that same day. You don't want to let the sequence be like, "All right, you got to wait four days to do the next step." Um, so yeah, I'm big a big fan of like just doing it super authentically, one take um, selfie style on on LinkedIn. Uh, once you get connected and then um, once I'm in the deal cycle, it is so much easier to hear someone talk through something complex 
[18:33] that they had questions on. So, I love sending videos. Again, most people aren't doing it. Most people are like, I got like 10 deals I'm working at once. I don't have time to send a video. But for me, I could use that to stand out. Um, I'll use video in prospecting if like they're just not responding. I'll kind of use it as like a a lastditch effort to try to stand out. But I think if you're dealing with a a difficult prospect that's just not answering, I would reevaluate reevaluate your messaging because if your emails are 
[19:04] getting opened but you're not hearing a response, it means that you're missing the mark somewhere. So, uh, Josh Braun talks about this. He's like, "If you get a notinterested response or someone's not responding, it means because you're not interesting enough." So, how can you make your messaging more compelling? Um, and then you're going to get like the 1% of people who just like don't respond to sales outreach, of course. Um, so yeah, that's my point of view um on that question. >> Cool. Let us know, Jason, if that helped 
[19:34] answer your question. If you got more context on top of that, you can follow up. Uh, we'll go to the next one here. So the next question is from Darlene here and it's how do you handle the difficult prospects that won't respond and then what's the most creative way you got to get someone to give you an answer? So Ann, I'm going to throw this one to you to start. >> You're muted if you're >> Yeah. Sorry. Um so yeah, I think this is this is what I was just saying, right? 
[20:04] like really really try to figure out what your your messaging is, right? Like are you um are you problem centric? Are you talking about the prospects world or are you saying, "Hey, here's my product. Here's how cool it is. Here are the the things and features that we have. Here are all our customers and our funding." Um is your messaging truly about them or is it about you and are you trying to feel validated and get validation for for your product or service? Um, I also 
[20:35] think you need to make sure that you're using your network, right? Like if you're not getting a response, see who in your company is connected. If it's a top tier prospect, have your manager send a note on your behalf. Um, see see if your CEO wants to reach out, right? Like selling is a team sport. And so I think you need to um number one, evaluate your messaging and what you're sending and if it's truly about the prospect. Um, and then number two, use your resources accordingly. So again, 
[21:05] use a multi- channelannel approach. And then also make sure that you're you're tapping in your manager if it's a top tier one prospect, like don't just rely on your own um messaging. >> Yeah, I I agree. I think I think one of the things I'd add to that is when you have somebody I'm going to go back to what we said earlier. If somebody is being difficult and won't respond, I also encourage you to send a video. And I'm not trying to say this is like a one-trick pony, but psychologically think about sending somebody a video, 
[21:36] right? If someone's not responding, you send them a video, you're going to make them feel slightly guilty or weird, right, that they're not responding to you when they see your face. So sending a video to someone can also be really helpful to do that. Another thing I've also found to be helpful is uh what we used or I still do this to this day. If somebody doesn't engage or they're not responding in my follow-ups, I'll edit the subject line to all my follow-ups and say, "Did I lose you?" And that also as well gets people psychologically to 
[22:06] respond as well. So th those are like some creative ways to get an answer. Also, there's a component where like maybe in the discovery you didn't really uncover a problem, so there's really no creative way to get them back. There's also a case there as well to be fair. But people do get busy. People aren't bombarded. Buyers are overwhelmed and we have to know that. So it's about making it e as easy as possible so they don't ghost us. But if they do, these are just some creative ways to get in front of them or even just make a call. Sometimes people have their cell phone numbers in 
[22:36] their in their in their contact in the email and just call them. I think people I think people forget that. pick up the phone like you know and everyone's going to be everyone's going to be different. Um like LinkedIn voice notes too um are are very underrated. I know there's like debate on if you should send them or not, but again like do the do the unscalable things that you know more than likely that your competition isn't doing. And right now a lot of people are 
[23:08] just sending mass blast AI emails. They get that analysis paralysis. They're like, I don't know why I should be reaching out, so I'm just going to send a template. So, again, you the the bar is so low. Like, it is so low uh for good outreach and how to stand out. So, I think um as as Morgan made a a great point earlier, do the things that are unscalable, that feel like you can't scale. And I know it feels um uncomfortable because you're like, "Well, I need to get like this volume up because my manager is breathing down my 
[23:38] neck or Yeah. Um in the past, the only way I've hit my number is through massive volume. It's like it doesn't have to be that way." Um >> so yeah, >> 100%. And this actually a really good question here and I appreciate y'all coming in with some great questions. We love this. So this I'll I'll tell you the answer to this question. I was at a meetup last week. There was 30 STR leaders and we were they were asking the same question that you're asking Aaron which is like okay how do I test messaging what do we need to do and uh 
[24:10] Aaron my my follow question to you is are you speak are you asking this from a leadership perspective or are you asking this from a rep perspective because my answer would actually change based on what you tell me but I want to know like what perspective I'm answering this on like hey testing message oh both okay cool so the answer to this is hundreds and a thousands. So what I mean by that is you don't know if something works unless you do it a 100 times. If anybody comes to me and said, "Hey, I 
[24:41] tried video messaging and you sent eight videos." It's not enough. You need to do it a 100 times before I can truly take it seriously on if it worked or not. And then so that's like the first part. So the first part, Aaron, is you need to do something a hundred times before you pivot because you truly don't know. If you do something twice, it's like, well, what's the point in that? Because I've actually done when I was in SDR, when I first did a video prospecting, I think I 
[25:12] did like 20 videos and I didn't get a response. But then as I did, I got more and then I refined the process and it became the number one converter. Just like cold calls, like if you made 10 cold calls and got 10 connects and you got hung up on 10 times and you quit, then what what is the point of that? You have to do more. So I say before you even suggest or like, oh, this isn't working. You need to do it at least 100 times. So what that means is 100 personalized emails on a certain framework, 100 cold call connections, 100 videos, whatever it is, you need to 
[25:42] do it 100 times before there's even a conversation. So that once you do it a 100 times then you can adjust to what was said earlier to be like okay I need new messaging I need to adjust but you have to focus on the hundred first then I say a thousands because that means you need collective data across the entire team of a thousand sample sizes to truly know if it works across the org. So to make it super simple, if you had 10 reps and they did this something a 100 times, you get to a thousand. But the goal is we need to have at least 
[26:12] a thousand sample sizes. A thousand a thousand of a sample size to understand if this is going to work for us or not. So when I think about what you're asking here is it's 100 to a,000. Now how long that should take you, that should take you 30 to 45 days if you're consistent based on activities. If you're not consistent on activities, it'll take you longer. But again, that's up that's that's on that's on you at that point. So, we focus on 100 as the individual sample size to say whether this works or not. So, as you as a coach could be 
[26:43] like, you haven't done this 100 times, so like come back to me when you have. And then a thousands is if you're reporting up into your executive leadership to be like, hey, we've done this a thousand times across the team and this is the results we have and this is why we're doubling down or removing something. So, that's the way that I adjust my own messaging and that's what I tell other people to do. No, no further comments. I agree. I think you need to be so like prospecting is a an art, but it's also a science and 
[27:13] the science part of it is like a science experiment. You have to you have to be AB testing and experimenting. Um like there's so many people that will be like, I tried LinkedIn video. And I'll be like, all right, how many times you try it? Well, I sent five videos last week. I didn't hear back. I'm like, all right. Like, and that it's the same with like going to the gym. Like, I I tried losing weight. It just didn't work. Well, are you still going to the gym? No, I quit after 30 days. I wasn't seeing progress. It's like it you're going to number one, you're going to 
[27:43] suck for the first at least three weeks at doing anything. So, if you can accept that and then get over that first month, things will start to become a lot easier. But also, like if you don't give up, like you'll eventually see the results. Like um my my old therapist made an analogy to me is like when you go on a hike, you're already at the end. The only way you don't get the end is if you stop the hike. You just got to keep going. There's going to be, you know, rocks and trees that get in your way. But if you can maneuver around those things and um continue to try and test 
[28:15] and and just not quit, you're going to eventually figure it out. Um, and so you need to be be experimenting and testing and um, figuring out and like go ask your the top rep at the company what's working for you? Like what are you doing that I'm not doing? I guarantee you it's a a combination of like other subtle tactics, but also they've been doing it for they just like are doing it longer and they do it more consistently. So that's why having systems in place is also helpful. >> Awesome. Just reading what Aaron said 
[28:45] here. Uh, helpful concept. like any hacks that determine how you approach to change your messaging. When do you make the change? So, every single person that's listening in, if you do this, like this will make you more money. I don't know how to explain it. Like, like I I've just seen this work time and time again. And it also helps you shift through a lot of noise and it's just very clear-cut. So, this is what I'm going to share with you all. So Aaron, my hack to you is go talk to. So I don't know who 
[29:18] exactly you sell to, but let's just say it's the CTO. We'll just make it simple. If you're in a company right now, I would go to your CTO, message them, email them, call them, whatever, and say, "Hey, I'm I want to get better at my messaging. However, I want to understand what's relevant to you. Could you tell me what are the top messages or messages at all that you've responded to?" and then collect that information and that will help you make the adjustments and change for your messaging. I don't think you actually 
[29:49] need to do more than that. I can share a framework with you and as well you can go on LinkedIn, you can go find all the people create content that's fantastic and exciting. But if I'm being like super transparent, the easiest thing to do and the most helpful thing to do is just to go to talk to people that you sell to. You're not selling to me. You're selling to probably somebody else. So, let's go talk to that person. Let's get feedback from them and let's create messaging over that. That's my uh take on that. But you can add you can add to that if you want to, but that's 
[30:19] where I'm at with it. >> Yeah. I also think um copy is written, not or copy is uh found, not written. And when I say copy, it means your emails, your cold call talk tracks, your your LinkedIn messaging. It is found. And where it's found is your current customers. So think about your current customers. They didn't buy your solution because of like the feature you offered. They bought your they they bought your solution because of what that feature enabled them to do or problem it enabled them to 
[30:51] solve. So if you go to your top AE and you say, "Hey, the last three or four deals that you closed, what were what were the reasons that they agreed to talk to you?" Right? So like what what was the reason you reached out or why did they come inbound? What does that trigger that signal? And then what was the problem that you mutually agreed on that you were going to solve with our solution that led to a purchase? Then you look at their title of the the customer. You go find other titles like them. And you go say, "Hey, we're 
[31:21] hearing X, Y, and Z from other customers like you that are in the situation. I'm curious. How are you handling that today?" What's going to happen is you're going to sound like one of their peers because if three or four customers or personas similar to your prospects are having a problem, chances are the prospect that you're trying to connect with is also having that issue or had that issue and is either solving it with your one of your competitors or is actively trying to solve it manually or hasn't thought about it yet. And that's how you effectively message your prospects is by 
[31:53] using your customers language and the problems that you've already solved for your uh your your prospects or your customers rather. So if you feel stuck on messaging, get back to the problems that you're already solving for customers and go find similar prospects to your customers and talk to them about those problems. >> Aaron, let us know if that helped answer your question. That was a really good question on that. Um, Aaron, so I just go d I just go directly to them. 
[32:23] I would just message them and say, "Hey, like again, these are these are the people that are already in your organization." So, I actually would not overengineer this. I would just message them and say, "Hey, I'm on the sales team and I'm looking for a better way to talk to other CTOs. I'd appreciate your opinion if you could give me if you could give me some messaging around what you seem to be successful in your own inbox." It's as simple as that. These are CTO. This is a CTO that is already in your organization. So, it's not like anyone you don't know and they should be willing to help you. So, when I'm asking that CTO, that's the angle I'm taking. 
[32:53] So, hopefully that clarifies it. All right, cool. Um, let's see. I'm interested in ground swelling. How do you get someone below the line to talk about what's going on at their company? What incentive can you give them to meet with you? So, this is some bottoms up approach. Yeah, I used to do this all the time when I worked at Outreach because we're selling to sales leaders. Um, I would offer to buy them lunch. If it was a top account, like I'm offering to buy them lunch, send them a gift card, whatever 
[33:23] information that I could get from them, um, is worth that that time and money on my end. So, um I would have like a IC sequence where I would like load up a bunch of um account executives or IC's at the company that I'm trying to break into and then offer them a gift card and see who would bite and you would get people that would be open to it like you know from one rep to another can I get your you know looking for your feedback on this trying to break in. Um that's really helpful there. when I was running 
[33:54] my STR team, we were selling to engineering leaders. So, a little bit different, right? I as a sales rep, the the software engineer is not your peer, but um you'd be surprised that if you cold call them, like they are willing to give you information because typically with engineering solutions, it is affecting that like IC user still. Um, and so I had a rep that u was trying to break into this enterprise account and he called like four or five different software engineers um and basically asked about their current workflows and bottlenecks. He then took that to the VP 
[34:25] and was like, "Hey, just just caught up with like Joe on your team." He had shared that X, Y, and Z is a current problem. Like I'm I'm curious if like number one, you're actively working to fix that for the team or um if you're even aware of it. And um he booked the meeting. So I think the future of like what a good ground swell looks like is opening up with hey I just spoke to XYZ on your team. Um they had shared that this was currently a problem. Um curious your perspective. And I also think it's 
[34:56] a great way to stand out in email. If you name two people on someone's team in an email, you bet they are opening that email. They're like these are people on my team. What are you talking about? And then if you can kind of tie it in where it's not calling the baby ugly. if you will, um, and like kind of acting like you went behind their back or something like that, you're going to have a good chance of, uh, getting that response or at least they're going to go back to their team and be like, "Hey, I didn't realize this was a problem. Like, let's talk about it." >> I have nothing I have nothing to add. 
[35:27] That's exactly the process that I would take. And I think that Kyle Kyle Cole Yeah, Kyle Coleman's talked about this quite a few quite a few times, like walking the halls. If you have information from people in internally, that's going to be the best personalized emails that you get. I think Cal Acas also talked about this as well. The more that you can do that, the better equipped that you're going to be and I think a lot of people miss out on this obviously at the end of the day. So, definitely tap into that and definitely use it. Uh, we have about eight minutes left. Time has flown by. 
[35:57] Y'all been asking some really good questions in here. Let us know so far if this has been helpful and impactful for you. Let us know in the chat. Obviously, we want to make sure that we're giving you the information that you're looking for. So, you know, we appreciate the feedback and uh we'll get into the last bit of questions that people have here as well. So, this one I'm I'm actually interested to see how other people respond to this question. So, we got a question here saying, "Do you guys think having an offshore VA is worthwhile or no? If so, what aspects of the sales marketing process do you recommend? And 
[36:27] any other tips on who and how to hire the right ones?" Yeah, I'm not the person to ask on this because I I not in a position to use them, but um I could definitely see them being helpful potentially. >> So, yeah, just it depends on where you're at. Like I use them, but I'm like it's a different type of position. Like from a founder perspective, I have one, but I use it for a lot of different reasons than just the sales and marketing process. Um, I would say, Eric 
[36:58] just said it, I use it more for the research side, not for the outreach. The only time I use it is if we're running like a campaign like I'm running right now for like an upcoming webinar. I wanted to test something and we're just seeing if we do if we do a certain message on on inmail, can we get people to respond and want to come to this webinar? So, I'm just testing it out. Like, if it works, it works, it doesn't, it doesn't. Like, I'm always testing stuff just to see. So, I can either say this was great or don't do this. Um, I think at the end of the day though, if 
[37:28] you were to use a VA, uh, I would actually walk them through your process on how you use maybe an AI prompt or an AI workflow to find, uh, research or insights in an account and I would go from there. That like if I were to use an EAVA and I was in a sales rep shoes, that's what I would be doing. I'd be doing it mainly for research and really using that to really drill into it. Okay, I think I see this question here. I'm the only sales rep for for a small 
[37:59] business that sells IT help desk services to mid-size companies. My challenge has been connected with prospects. I've seen a small amount of success when messaging prospects when who show buying intent. Should I still be trying to identify problems on a deeper scale rather than just relying on intent signals? I've been saying if intent if intent strategies ever shift, I love to connect. I'm trying to build process for future roses we hire. What's your take on that one? >> Yeah, I think um when you're the only rep at like a smaller company, um intent 
[38:31] data is not going to be as helpful as if you worked at LinkedIn because a lot of people are uh researching like LinkedIn and the solutions that we sell. They may not be you may not have the brand awareness yet to like have enough intent to make that actually useful. So with that said, use your use your messaging to find like message market fit. So like go cold call a bunch of people and say, "Hey, these are the problems that we're solving. Like is this at all relevant to your world? Like how are you how are you 
[39:02] handling this today?" Go and have the intent of curiosity. Not that you're trying to book a meeting. Um, and so like I would actually take a colder approach and like more of a volume approach at the start and then take the data based on the responses that you're getting to then funnel down who you're going to be targeting and what your messaging is going to be. And that's where I think AB testing is going to be huge for you, Terrell, because you don't know what's working yet. So you need to like you need to test and iterate. Let's just say you book five meetings with a 
[39:33] specific message, go double down on that, right? So I think for you, yeah, leverage the intent as a north star, but don't let that hold you back from like taking a more broader approach. >> Awesome. Okay, let's see. I was going to help you speak credibly so much time. How do you determine the highest impact content to create that will help you convert? I think I think this is it's going to go back to the hundreds rule, but you know, I mean, you know, the 100 pieces of 
[40:03] content, but you you don't know what content works until you put the content out there. This just how the content game works. Like I can give you frameworks and all this different stuff, but you don't know until you put it out there to see what works and what doesn't. So that's like when you think about content, that's like the way of thinking of it. Or in your organization, go look at the content that is already performing well and then use that as a leverage po leverage point to then post the things that you're posting as well. So that that's another thing that I also would do uh too. So that that's going to be how you're going to win that. 
[40:36] We got four minutes left. Any lasting questions? Uh also as well, Anthony, where can people find you if they want more information on what you're doing and what you're up to and just follow follow what you got going on? >> Yeah, LinkedIn is going to be the best place. Um I try to get back to as many DMs as I can, so if you have any questions, whatever. Um, you could also find my newsletter there where I send, you know, one one tip every every Sunday. Um, not only with, you know, sales tips, but I also share like mindset, performance, mental health 
[41:08] stuff, what I'm up to. Um, it's a whole another conversation we could have and why I think it's super important to prioritize those things as well. But yeah, those are the places you could find me. >> Oh, okay. What's the last outreach that got your attention you took a meeting for? Uh, I I have nothing to report. >> I I can tell you what would make me respond is like I like the I like the personalized things. Like I want someone to be like I want someone to make a 
[41:38] connection of like where I'm from, the sports teams that I like, um, you know, like where I went to college, but don't make it random, right? Like tie it back to a problem you could actually solve and use that to break through the noise. Um, again, I think it's anything that makes it seem like the message was for me. Like, I'm flattered. Like, I would be absolutely flattered if I received a cold call or an email that I knew was written for me specifically. As soon as I tell as soon as I can tell that this was part of an outreach 
[42:08] sequence campaign that was sent to multiple people, I get kind of offended and pissed. And I think that's how I think that's how prospects feel, too. Um, not to say there's not a place for like scaled outreach in a sense, but the things that make people respond is when it's made for them specifically. So whether it's a video, um, an email, a LinkedIn DM that I know was written for me, like that's what's going to make me respond. And then finally, I'll tell you my biggest pet peeve. If you call me and you don't leave a voicemail, 
[42:39] I'm pissed. Leave a voicemail. Leave a voicemail. There's nothing worse than getting a call for multiple calls from the same unknown number and they don't tell you why you're why you're reaching out. Like I I why the hell you calling me? Like I want to know. And if you have a good reason to reach out to me specifically, I'm going to call you back. So like the people read the transcript. So if you don't leave a voicemail, you're missing out and you're probably just going to piss off your prospect. Not saying you have to leave a voicemail every time, but at least on the first one so that 
[43:10] when I see your number, like I can make the connection. Um I don't I just get super irritated when people call me repeatedly and I don't know why they're calling. Um I'm just not going to pick up and I'm going to hate you for it. >> Oh my, you know, I I'm with you on that. I also feel the same way when my friends and family do that. >> Yes. When they call me and then like they won't text me or leave a voicemail. I was like what? Okay. It clearly wasn't that important. Like >> right >> you just wanted to chop it up and like what are we talking about? So yeah know I'm the same way. 
[43:41] >> 100%. Yeah. The last question was, do you feel like cold calling is still really worth it? I think it's worth it because you use the channel in unison. So like use it as a way to leave the voicemail to rebump the problem that you're solving. >> Yeah. >> Trying to solve. >> I still think it's insanely useful for sure. And also like it's proven that it's useful because most orgs if you talk to them, the highest converting channel they have is cold calling. >> Yeah. So if I look at the data and I 
[44:12] look at people that I personally work with from the client standpoint and people I talk to, it's their number one. So if it's number one, that means it is still working. And that's why it's important to go always talk to people in the field and not just go look at social and and believe that to be true. I'm always talking to people who are actually doing the job and be like, what is actually working? Oh, calling is number one. Cool. And it adds uh correlation and benefit to the other channels that you're doing. just to say it said. So, Ari again like time flew by for everyone that came here. Uh, thank you so much for the questions that you 
[44:42] asked. Thank you for the dialogue. Again, we wanted to we wanted to do this because we had a lot of people just saying, "Hey, I don't know what to do here. I don't know what to do there." And we really just wanted to answer questions and just get deep without having slides and making it like manufactured. It's like this is what's actually happening. So, my hope is that everybody that came here today got something out of it. And my thing that I always tell people at the end of these is take one thing that we said and actually go do it. Don't be like, "Oh, you just spit 45 minutes here and then you don't do anything." That that'd be a waste of your time. So, just take one 
[45:13] thing, actually go and do it. Appreciate everybody showing up and thanks for doing this as well um in your schedule and hope that everyone has a blessed rest of your day. Cheers. >> Thanks everyone. Appreciate it. >> Cheers.
